
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000356                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355956000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271415716000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              152855656                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                152851627                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              349292698                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1319320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   155763668                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     155763668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        64960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            483712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       105536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        25664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst       100032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       231232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         106176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         2350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    182494466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    104282552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data    422524132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1358909528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       649608379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      298284058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           298284058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      298284058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst    296486083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    182494466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst     72098799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    104282552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst    281023497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data    422524132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1657193586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data       411200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            569152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         9600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           55                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data         6425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              7342                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data    292350740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data    112553237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data   1155198957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1598939195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        38836261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1320073267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1320073267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1320073267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst     26969625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data    292350740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst      1977773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data    112553237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst      9888863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data   1155198957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2919012462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          376.097960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                  8                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.519926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.578034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.733437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.001129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.734566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.566406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          405.683554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                 21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                   21                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   405.105878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.577675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.791222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357393000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357557500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.004947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   228.427630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.577317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.446148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.001128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.447275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.289062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357339000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357503500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.232904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   442.655945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.576959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.864562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.861328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            54                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                     162     47.65%     47.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     52.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                 340                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                      162     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                     161     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                  324                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139158000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12117500      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151440000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.909605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.31%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                  321     88.43%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.96%     97.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                   363                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61869500     75.48%     75.48% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.52%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             4840                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.257484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              70695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.606405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    24.596929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   436.660555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.048041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.852853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        30711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total           56317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data        56317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total          56317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4954                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        33487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        61271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.082898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160920                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044408                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.080854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             2967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             2443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             290983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs           119.108883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.893553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   486.106447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.050573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.949427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses          335983                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          164327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       164327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         164327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          2443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         2443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       166770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       166770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       166770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             2443                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                       786                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351243500     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31                6094500      1.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357699000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.17%     21.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.82%     23.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.08%     70.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.36%     70.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.18%     95.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.28%     99.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                   274                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1897088000     99.57%     99.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.473964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              23869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.060704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data    99.170422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   358.303542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.193692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.699812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            79662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           79662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          451                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           35286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          35286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.073996                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044492                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total             1129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             1239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             104492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            84.335755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst   200.676151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   311.323849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.391946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.608054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           277427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          277427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         136855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          136855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         136855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         1239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       138094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       138094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             1239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      1212                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0               552409500     98.27%     98.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9610000      1.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total           562131500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      1.22%      1.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.20%     10.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     68.92%     79.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.36%     97.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.60%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                   576                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1684061000     95.71%     95.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500      4.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements            12461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          424.569961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             153584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.325175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   105.456305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   319.113656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.205969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.623269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           356119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          356119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1122                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          156484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         156484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total         12663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total        12663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1277                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121378                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070810                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             8107                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             4451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             317252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            71.276567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   204.683571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   307.188205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.399773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.599977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           910870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          910870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         448757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          448757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         448757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         4452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       453209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       453209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             4451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357348000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357512500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          408.844043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   407.692668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     1.151374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.796275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.002249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.798524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst          507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests            15                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1092                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          852                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          240                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                     31                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                     656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            38162                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             38095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.215503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   36999     97.12%     97.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                     856      2.25%     99.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     240      0.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               38095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests            12                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3660                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2691                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          969                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                  8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                     28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                     528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            49410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.094615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.353897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   45303     92.52%     92.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2695      5.50%     98.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     969      1.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               48967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21900                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11186                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1307                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10097                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8982                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1115                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp               8318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3002                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         6894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  31968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       291136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       501648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       136640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       225496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1154920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            52135                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             73912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.190334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   60974     82.50%     82.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   11811     15.98%     98.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    1124      1.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               73912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16839                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1382                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           10479                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9521                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          958                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10362                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             93                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        37676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  50297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       521472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1333568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1855368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            37956                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.193132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.427053                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   59209     82.01%     82.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   12027     16.66%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                     958      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               72194                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3702.360008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   683.650691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst           39                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           27                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1975.423745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   977.284003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.001566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.166907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.006592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.482281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.238595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.903320                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses                 110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses                110                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                   1                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            2981.856656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                   1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                       0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1175.359995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   372.402797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   587.092773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.100098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.090919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.106689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.143333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.727992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2534                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.663574                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total                5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total               5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total              7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total             7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.714286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks              1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                   1                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                8108                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3584.261877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                  5318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                8108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                0.655895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1816.526427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst    25.288559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data    34.134789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     1.297599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     2.074449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   541.025402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   490.340238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   260.409648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   413.164767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.006174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.008334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.132086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.119712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.063577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.100870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.875064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770752                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              175624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             175624                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1469                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               3777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst          644                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              3777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          156                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          2292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2213                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             7065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            7065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3002                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          10842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         10842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.822785                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.843243                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.876884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.866878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.874475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.601032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.629198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.456140                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.564001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.736390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.731480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.334140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.566852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                5193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10259                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3529.706902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 17464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.702310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1582.021476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst   214.968094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data   116.829008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   296.209073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data   142.710620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   405.219508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   771.566934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.182190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.386236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.052482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.028523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.072317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.034841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.098931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.188371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.861745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              281670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             281670                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             397                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2520                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6426                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         9806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3696                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         5899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          17176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         4452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        12722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         17176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.941814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.363657                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.572978                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.572954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.665231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.363657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.770791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.665231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3815                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        21539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        21571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 21593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 595536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           23604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            38089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.617029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.486118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  14587     38.30%     38.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  23502     61.70%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              38089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                    22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total          400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                    400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           50541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999755                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                     12      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  48952     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              48964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            48                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 22225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           44433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.745795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  14963     25.42%     25.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  43899     74.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              58862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        18166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        13748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        31914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 41328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       650176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       324168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       974344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1397128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           20695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.429127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.494957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  27471     57.09%     57.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  20650     42.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              48121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.000697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses           34                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses           34                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     9.045365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.620266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.424007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.001089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.163767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.089000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses           78                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses           78                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         9899                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.670739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         9899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.005960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.718698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.001951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.396142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.758540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     4.276156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.518946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.357419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.087259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.267260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.094934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.854421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       131425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       131425                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         7048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.818770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.017809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.499227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.727612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.820354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.364406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     1.822224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.159844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.425102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.156202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.045476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.113772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.022775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.113889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.197490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.276569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        78994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        78994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3849                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2837                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4400                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2291                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.997818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.999361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          650                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         8716                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.892679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         8716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.763461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     1.651036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.764137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.883769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.162561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     3.176356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.491360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.235216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.103190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.047759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.055236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.072660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.198522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.280710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       120393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       120393                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         7639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1047                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2357                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         7639                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1650                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          569                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          645                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         7646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         1649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         1563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         7646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1659                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4798                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    13.138578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs            1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.025139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.002971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.000355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.126717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.366719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.017815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     1.598164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.689071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.022920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.099885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.821161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        61782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        61782                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          536                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1626                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4193                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1272                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.997183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996748                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         4185                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4542421366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4540066926.856756                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2354439.143244                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4542421451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      4540067011.812698                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      2354439.187301                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4542421536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4540067096.768641                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354439.231359                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4542421621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540067181.724584                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2354439.275416                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits               33982                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              28374                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits               62356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              43548                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          43642                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles                  302186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             166658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               166658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       160904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls               4181                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        17260                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              160904                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       221966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       113634                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs                62620                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts              34186                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             28434                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      231357.495387                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      70828.504613                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.234387                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.765613                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    22732                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         2812      1.69%      1.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu            96706     57.99%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult             153      0.09%     59.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead           35139     21.07%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          28714     17.22%     98.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess          3216      1.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            166770                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               24234                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              13749                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               37983                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              23180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          23305                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              4542421990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             137709                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               137709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       132401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls               2735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        16770                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              132401                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       175525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       100562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                39091                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              25118                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             13973                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      3660515323.968220                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      881906666.031780                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.194149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.805851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    20547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         2817      2.04%      2.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu            88642     64.19%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           26160     18.94%     85.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          13983     10.13%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess          6378      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            138094                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               83056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              171168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits             161949                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses         162101                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              4542831433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             452726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               452726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       435758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls               8571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        47486                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              435758                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       626642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       295921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               172286                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              83896                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             88390                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      1649864237.946948                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      2892967195.053052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.636820                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.363180                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    58935                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         9717      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           257966     56.92%     59.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             513      0.11%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           86150     19.01%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          88461     19.52%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess          9003      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            453209                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              4542421876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      4540067436.592411                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      2354439.407588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000518                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999482                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5843                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4844                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          227                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2834                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2826                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8629                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        11240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        10197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        21437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        12811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              34277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       337128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       446336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       783464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       323272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1107200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        25374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.505351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499976                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               24219     49.46%     49.46% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24743     50.54%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           48962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.422799                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                422799167500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2694571371500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 885473                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   885473                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              371681502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1137.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1007252748                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1007252748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        42176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1852352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      4984896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           7161984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       117312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        53440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1852352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         3136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      2074240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      3812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3812800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        28943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        77889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             111906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        59575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             59575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       277465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       112167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       126396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        99754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4381163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     11790222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       102025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        19981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst         8023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data         2422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         1514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         7417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         4238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data         3179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16939447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       277465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       126396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4381163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       102025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         8023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         7417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4905970                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        9017993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             9017993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        9017993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       277465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       112167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       126396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        99754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4381163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     11790222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       102025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        19981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst         8023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data         2422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         1211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         1514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         7417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         4238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         2271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data         3179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            25957440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        55936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        17088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         9472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      3559424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          10449152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        55936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        69952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      5870656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        5870656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       102408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide        55616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             163268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        91729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             91729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        31485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       362385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       153945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       132299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     15501715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        40416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data        26641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         9991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        22403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        12564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        8418711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             24714221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        31485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       132299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          165450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       13885212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            13885212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       13885212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        31485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       362385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         1665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       153945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       132299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     15501715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        40416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data        26641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         9991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        22403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        12564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       8418711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            38599433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     436                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      9951                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2275     25.92%     25.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    116      1.32%     27.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      4.93%     32.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   5952     67.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                8777                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2275     44.61%     44.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     116      2.27%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      8.49%     55.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2275     44.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 5100                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422377996000     99.90%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8700000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              391254500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422799332000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.382224                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.581064                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      0.15%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.02%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7659     83.96%     84.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    867      9.50%     93.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     568      6.23%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.10%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  9122                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              585                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.035897                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.067769                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63872000     50.01%     50.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            63858000     49.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             9674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.449636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             130326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.471780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   500.449636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.977441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           965308                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          965308                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       292617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         292617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       165413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        165413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3521                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3342                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3342                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       458030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          458030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       458030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         458030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4045                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          555                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          599                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          599                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         11434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        11434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       300006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       300006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       169458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       169458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4076                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3941                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       469464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       469464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.136163                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.136163                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.151992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.151992                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.024355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4561                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             6873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             691256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           100.575586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2791260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2791260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1385319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1385319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1385319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1385319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1385319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1385319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          6874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         6874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1392193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1392193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1392193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             6873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     438                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      8400                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1861     26.78%     26.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.23%     33.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     33.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   4653     66.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                6949                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1861     44.79%     44.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.42%     55.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1859     44.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 4155                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422515048500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 321000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              233811500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770398000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399527                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597928                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   57      0.76%      0.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.05%      0.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6012     80.65%     81.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    869     11.66%     93.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     502      6.73%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.12%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  7454                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              122                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                437                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.557377                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.002288                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.217252                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          69050000      5.42%      5.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8354000      0.66%      6.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1197394500     93.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      57                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          431.879466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              56272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.104507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     6.104241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   425.775225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.011922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.831592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.843515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           595633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          595633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       184649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         184649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        98719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         98719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       283368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          283368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       283368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         283368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          128                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          7301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         7301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       190710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1785                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       290669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       290669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       290669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       290669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.012405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012405                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.071709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.071709                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.073678                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073678                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.025118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.025118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             251438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            52.025243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    32.126077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   479.873923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.062746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.937254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1845583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1845583                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       915542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         915542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       915542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          915542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       915542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         915542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       920375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       920375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       920375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       920375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       920375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       920375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     164                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    742612                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6259     35.83%     35.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     54      0.31%     36.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      2.48%     38.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  10722     61.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               17468                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6257     48.13%     48.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      54      0.42%     48.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     433      3.33%     51.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6257     48.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                13001                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422038643000     99.77%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3861000      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              941342000      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        423005063000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999680                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.583566                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.744275                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      1011     97.68%     97.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         6      0.58%     98.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.10%     98.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        5      0.48%     98.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.10%     98.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.10%     99.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        6      0.58%     99.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      0.10%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.10%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.10%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.10%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1035                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  119      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14915      2.01%      2.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1127      0.15%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2066      0.28%      2.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1044      0.14%      2.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             720941     97.40%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                740222                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2184                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2037                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2036                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2037                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.932234                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.964937                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5775606000      1.36%      1.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        418011876500     98.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     119                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           725779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.505635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          237339304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           725779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           327.013187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.060961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.444674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.996962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        476865765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       476865765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    165892888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      165892888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     71146600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      71146600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       148641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       148641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       151862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       151862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    237039488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       237039488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    237039488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      237039488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       220353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       220353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       504792                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       504792                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3472                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3472                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          236                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          236                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       725145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        725145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       725145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       725145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    166113241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    166113241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     71651392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     71651392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       152113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       152113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       152098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       152098                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    237764633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    237764633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    237764633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    237764633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.022825                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.022825                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001552                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001552                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.003050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       557331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           557331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           842180                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          843284908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           842180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001.311962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.186847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.813153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1690656522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1690656522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    844064991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      844064991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    844064991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       844064991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    844064991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      844064991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       842180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        842180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       842180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844907171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    844907171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844907171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    844907171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    844907171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    844907171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       842180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           842180                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     438                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      7507                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1755     26.46%     26.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.53%     32.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     33.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   4443     66.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                6633                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1755     44.51%     44.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.98%     55.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1753     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 3943                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422522248000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              226517500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770313000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.394553                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594452                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5763     81.51%     81.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    869     12.29%     93.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     435      6.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  7070                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2369                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          415.881537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              24911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.515407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   105.002497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   310.879041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.205083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.607186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.812269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           454927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          454927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       141753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         141753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        77805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         77805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1231                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          605                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       144674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        78410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1359                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1354                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       223084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       223084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.020190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.043414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.043414                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.090842                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090842                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             145309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            47.642295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    39.624310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   472.375690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.077391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.922609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1335700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         1335700                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       663275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         663275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       663275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          663275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       663275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         663275                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       666325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       666325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       666325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       666325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       666325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       666325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             3050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      7699                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    1811     26.50%     26.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.34%     32.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   4588     67.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                6833                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     1811     44.66%     44.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.68%     55.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    1810     44.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 4055                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422523622000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              225267000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770270500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.394507                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.593444                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5965     82.11%     82.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     11.92%     94.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     434      5.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                  7265                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              434                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             3338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.360223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs              20691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.198622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   432.360223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.844454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.853516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           506796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          506796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       159545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         159545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        83882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         83882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       243427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          243427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       243427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         243427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          4924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         4924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       163980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       163980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        84371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        84371                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1329                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       248351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       248351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       248351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       248351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.027046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.005796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.076749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076749                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.096896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.096896                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.019827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.019827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             3014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs             139245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            46.199403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.006257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.993743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1539480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1539480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       765219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         765219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       765219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          765219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       765219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         765219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       768233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       768233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       768233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       768233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       768233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       768233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             3014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                      7549                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                    1737     25.99%     25.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.48%     32.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                   4512     67.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                6683                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                     1737     44.46%     44.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     11.08%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.03%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                    1736     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 3907                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422524944000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31              223902500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770228000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.384752                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.584618                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5815     81.73%     81.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     12.17%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     434      6.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                  7115                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              434                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             3234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.504736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs              20343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.290353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            9                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   446.504736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.872080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           501628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          501628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data       158015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         158015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        83046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         83046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1229                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         1190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data       241061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total          241061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data       241061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total         241061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          119                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          4797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         4797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         4797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       162357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       162357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        83501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1309                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       245858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       245858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.026744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.005449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.066819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.066819                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.090909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.090909                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.019511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.019511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements             2953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs             120979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.968168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    92.003261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   419.996739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.179694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.820306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1523759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses         1523759                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       757450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         757450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       757450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          757450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       757450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         757450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total          2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       760403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       760403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       760403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       760403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       760403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       760403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.003883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total             2953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      7535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                    1779     26.68%     26.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.49%     33.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     33.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                   4456     66.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                6669                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                     1779     44.58%     44.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     10.85%     55.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.03%     55.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                    1778     44.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 3991                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422525443500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31              223360500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770185500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399013                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598441                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5801     81.69%     81.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     12.20%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     434      6.11%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                  7101                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              434                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             1938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.498309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs              16586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.558308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   454.498309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.887692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           441762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          441762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data       138714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         138714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        75024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         75024                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1285                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data       213738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total          213738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data       213738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total         213738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          379                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data         3052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         3052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       141387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        75403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         1321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       216790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total       216790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       216790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total       216790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.018906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.005026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.036009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036009                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.093111                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.093111                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.014078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements             2101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs             108665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            51.720609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1296311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses         1296311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       645004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         645004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       645004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          645004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       645004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         645004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total          2101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total         2101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       647105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       647105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       647105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       647105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       647105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       647105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.003247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total             2101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                      7465                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                    1740     26.37%     26.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    433      6.56%     32.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.03%     32.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                   4424     67.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                6599                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                     1740     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     433     11.06%     55.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.05%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                    1740     44.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 3915                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            422525878500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               21217000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31              222763000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        422770053500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393309                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.593272                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5731     81.51%     81.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    866     12.32%     93.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     434      6.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                  7031                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel              434                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             1927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.844384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              17446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.053451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data    10.001630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   444.842754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.019534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.868834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           441795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          441795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data       138896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         138896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        74928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         74928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1190                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data       213824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total          213824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data       213824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total         213824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          3020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         3020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       141540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        75304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1327                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         1310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       216844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total       216844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       216844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total       216844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.018680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.004993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.030897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030897                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.091603                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091603                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.013927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements             2103                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              96627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.947218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst   100.194421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   406.805579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.195692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.794542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1297147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses         1297147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       645419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         645419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       645419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          645419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       645419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         645419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total          2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       647522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       647522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       647522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       647522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       647522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       647522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.003248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total             2103                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 592                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4874240                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        598                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1407                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               81040                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              81040                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        12254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       152640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  164894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        30080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1275                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1458                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        33603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4875520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4909123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                76320                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                76320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               686880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              686880                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              160                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        76160                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                76160                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         58804                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        30417                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         9314                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           23475                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        18923                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4552                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              26538                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4931                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1903                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2633                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          11707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        18097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        36045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        19530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  86366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       718272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       960310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       503104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       570924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2752610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           811776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            869637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.054620                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.249303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  826707     95.06%     95.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   38362      4.41%     99.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4566      0.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              869637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3151169                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1574780                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        77912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          309163                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       281189                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        27974                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1072584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       557781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       794765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           143275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              792                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            359                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            504605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           504605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         845230                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        226805                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2477061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2160657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        10213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                4656095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    104632384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     82272565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       327296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       245612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               187477857                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           898543                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           4050715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.121759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.347485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 3585477     88.51%     88.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  437264     10.79%     99.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   27974      0.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             4050715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28664                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14325                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         6368                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           19222                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8572                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        10650                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              14934                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq               487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp              487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        13255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         7585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        12537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  40727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       277504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       337168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       296448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       329488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 1240608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           876503                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            905039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.048274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.263588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  871999     96.35%     96.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   22390      2.47%     98.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                   10650      1.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              905039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18677                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3870                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           17970                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8085                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         9885                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               9610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1846                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              301                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         5051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         8203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         5486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         8636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  27376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       188800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       198992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       216512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       201936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  806240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           707227                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            725162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.050178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.273721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  698660     96.35%     96.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   16617      2.29%     98.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    9885      1.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              725162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9861                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3883.987952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  8963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.908934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1424.588983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.000260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2.000489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.000465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   416.546323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   543.794816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   775.561010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   715.495607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.347800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.101696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.132762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.189346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.174682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.948239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941895                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              410823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             410823                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         7377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4833                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3987                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         8820                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5468                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2915                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              17477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             17477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1623                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          931                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2887                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2066                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4851                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            10757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           10757                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1623                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          245                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1868                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          584                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          701                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        11707                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13234                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          28234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         6874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         28234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.987755                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998394                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.902334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.950970                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.916793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.296916                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175047                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.246605                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.274224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.488596                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.366556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.296916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.421812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.556371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.380995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.296916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.421812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.556371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.380995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              216755                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3966.543824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2298806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              216755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               10.605550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1201.484303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    18.748331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    11.582482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     7.531036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.753858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   799.632318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1871.688915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    39.495998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    13.626583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.293331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.004577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.002828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.195223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.456955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            25311142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           25311142                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       557781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       557781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       794765                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       794765                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       437862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          437877                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       812358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       814726                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       107406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1415                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       108821                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       812358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       545268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            1361424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       812358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       545268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           1361424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          226                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          676                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          326                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         66686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        30504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       116272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       117684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       182632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           214874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       182632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          214874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       557781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       557781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       794765                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       794765                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          226                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          680                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          339                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       504222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       504563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       845230                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       223678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2827                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       226505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       727900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1576298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       842180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       727900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1576298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991071                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994100                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.131609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.956012                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.132166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035410                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223607                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.036090                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.519819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.499469                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.519565                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.548611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.136316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.548611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.136316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          69393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               69393                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                 158                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3285.382749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                   212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                 158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.341772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1518.573469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     8.338182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   458.179600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   290.307485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   403.827193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   588.156820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.370745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.002036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.111860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.070876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.098591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.143593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.802095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              182741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             182741                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total               8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2960                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         2941                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5901                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3612                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2667                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6279                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         2941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total              12188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         2960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst         2941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total             12188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          440                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total           397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total             2809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total            2809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          216                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          440                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5967                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8625                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          14997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         3014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst         2953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         4649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         14997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.986957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980247                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.017916                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011061                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.141227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.396470                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.017916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.174389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.425683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.187304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.017916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.174389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.425683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.187304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks             87                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                  87                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 242                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3710.361526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                   248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                 242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.024793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1477.219515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst   444.900957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   682.143102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   422.538639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   674.559313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.360649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.108618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.166539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.103159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.164687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3689                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.901123                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              120815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             120815                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2129                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         2129                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2049                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2074                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4123                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1849                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               7791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst         2049                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data         1851                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst         2074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data         1817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              7791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          228                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          449                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          821                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            1915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2129                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2129                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          228                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          449                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          117                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          238                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4204                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2592                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2634                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5226                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           9706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst         2101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst         2103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          9706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.984375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.024750                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.013790                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.019267                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.286651                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.311693                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.299273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.024750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.319485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.013790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.346873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.197301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.024750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.319485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.013790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.346873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.197301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             81                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  81                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             81376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              4880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             4880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       120788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           42485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            41560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           41273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        80129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        76160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        19700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        39256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       305044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         8164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       313208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        61616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       167343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       228959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                581423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       421888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       634368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1066018                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      9559424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23841                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      9583265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1313792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3570688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4884480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               15533763                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          441080                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           823729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.534908                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 383110     46.51%     46.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 440619     53.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             823729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            148737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        69393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          127579                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1075                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            66666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           66624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       148188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       633612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       633612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                633612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     18199073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     18199073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               18199073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          682214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          1095824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.620944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.485152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 415379     37.91%     37.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 680445     62.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            1095824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              2412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           87                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict              58                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side         8960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total         8960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                  8960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side       181792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total       181792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                 181792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          876903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           879957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.994763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.072175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                   4608      0.52%      0.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 875349     99.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             879957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp             78922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        91730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict           73159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            923                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            86798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           86651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        78922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         6582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         7180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       492838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       492838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                500018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        20096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       110240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       130336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     16344000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     16344000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total               16474336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          377925                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           709128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.530451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                 332970     46.95%     46.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 376158     53.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             709128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        62980                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.516317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           54                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        62980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.091459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.111280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.012162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.301124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.943216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.006955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.018820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1046066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1046066                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        61213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        61213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           26                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2628                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3038                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1071                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          133                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4461                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        61213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        61213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1893                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2630                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1860                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998643                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997024                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.836478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.985484                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.836478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.836478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        61206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        61206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       216442                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.512970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       216442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.956748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.589438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     9.845478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.118224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.309797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.036840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.615342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3586970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3586970                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        69393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        69393                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          106                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          107                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          738                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        66616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       116173                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       148089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       182506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       214705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       182506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       214705                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        69393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        69393                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          738                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        66340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        66624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       116272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       148188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       182612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       214812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       182612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       214812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        69280                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        69280                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements          797                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse     3.212785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs           28                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs          797                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.035132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.248138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.070222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.100516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.039272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.754637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.015509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.004389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.006282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.172165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.200799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses        31764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses        31764                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           87                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           87                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          306                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          604                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total         2645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          682                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data         1897                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total         2645                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           87                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           87                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          298                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          306                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          604                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          594                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total         2645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         1897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total         2645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          485                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     8.377437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           22                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.045361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.013858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     4.167039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     1.554748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.176357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.465437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.260440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.097172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.011022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.154090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.523590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        21238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        21238                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          253                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          258                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          511                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          686                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          846                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         1613                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          258                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         1613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       109330                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.393831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         1560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       109330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.014269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.216750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.753110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.402204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.029680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.045906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.037657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.658646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.014521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.038475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.012709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.166054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.326047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.172069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.337638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.002869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.002354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.041165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.002405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.010378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      1770902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      1770902                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        38778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          260                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          246                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1409                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          260                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          246                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          437                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         1426                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          254                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          293                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          250                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          256                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1620                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          748                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        38429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41037                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          674                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          538                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           99                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        72231                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        79382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       110660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        28943                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        79382                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          674                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          101                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          475                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          318                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       110660                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        38778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          263                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          254                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          293                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          304                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          250                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          256                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1620                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          114                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38362                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        38446                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        28948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          474                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          292                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        73640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        28948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        79445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       112086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        28948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        79445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           54                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       112086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988270                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.674185                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.204641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.638235                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.942308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.184701                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.517241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.972603                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.980866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.676214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.211297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.658807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.942308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.184701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.517241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.975460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.987278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.988270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.676214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.981481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.211297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.658807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.942308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.184701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.517241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.975460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.987278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        38706                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        38706                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements       168944                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.821963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs       168944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.733071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.003891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.014716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     9.054212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.009725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.004990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.000365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.420817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.565888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      2888801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      2888801                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        91798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        91798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          157                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          158                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          734                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        27834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        86451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        74592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        77277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       102426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total       163728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1065                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       102426                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          267                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total       163728                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        91798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        91798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          734                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        27905                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        86523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        74678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        77363                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total       163886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total       163886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998848                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998888                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        91649                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        91649                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              304414                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           28768                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             174403                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          16581                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              478817                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           45349                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             246661                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         246782                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               845598771                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1392035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1392035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1340251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              64288                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       110173                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1340251                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  348                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1820777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1036089                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               479814                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             304906                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            174908                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      844206892.280335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1391878.719665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001646                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998354                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   196608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         9443      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           846176     60.78%     61.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            4165      0.30%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             45      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          313775     22.54%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         176056     12.65%     96.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         42530      3.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1392193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              191958                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1883                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             102086                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               39                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            922                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              294044                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             114020                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         114145                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               845541234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             919989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               919989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       884461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           239                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              34228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        76298                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              884461                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  239                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1210676                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       697554                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          120                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               295577                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             192837                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            102740                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      844621234.129335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      919999.870665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001088                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998912                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   126831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         6963      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           573493     62.31%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            3229      0.35%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             32      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          196626     21.36%     84.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         102762     11.17%     95.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         37267      4.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            920375                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           165544054                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               646                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       164054832                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           71806106                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             1034                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       70724171                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           237350160                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1680                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       234779003                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          836254954                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              223                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      836255177                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               846010301                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          844905491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            844905491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    808552128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       4463087                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           11550429                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    108287640                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           808552128                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              4463087                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1134893387                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    620609774                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      4263217                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2819906                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            238074484                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          166266545                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          71807939                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      691436.385996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      845318864.614004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999183                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000817                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                141301249                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     14104587      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        589332865     69.75%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          420648      0.05%     71.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     71.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1050086      0.12%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         916803      0.11%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              4      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       166439916     19.70%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       71809833      8.50%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        832428      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         844907171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              146020                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              18                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              80205                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              226225                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              18                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              89872                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          89872                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               845541064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             666323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               666323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       637581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              27916                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46890                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              637581                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       871899                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       504858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               226688                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             146039                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             80649                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      844875222.099445                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      665841.900555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000787                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999213                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    88633                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         4215      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           399603     59.97%     60.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            2561      0.38%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          148785     22.33%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          80653     12.10%     95.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         30497      4.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            666325                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              165309                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits              86130                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              251439                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits              91435                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses          91435                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               845540975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             768233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               768233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       738049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              31048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        57892                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              738049                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads      1016153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       587035                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               251873                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             165309                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts             86564                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      844773228.082591                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      767746.917409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.000908                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.999092                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                   104104                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass         4153      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           475242     61.86%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            2993      0.39%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          168043     21.87%     84.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite          86564     11.27%     95.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         31238      4.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            768233                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits              163674                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              85250                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits              248924                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              90085                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          90085                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               845540890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             760403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               760403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       730577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls              30758                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        57377                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              730577                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads      1005918                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       580997                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs               249358                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts             163674                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             85684                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      844780972.627846                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      759917.372154                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000899                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999101                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                   103125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         4143      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu           470565     61.88%     62.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            2989      0.39%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead          166384     21.88%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          85684     11.27%     95.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess         30638      4.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            760403                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits              142720                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              77168                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits              219888                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits              89959                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses          89959                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               845540805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             647105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               647105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       618782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls              27092                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        44845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              618782                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       845326                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       491623                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs               220322                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts             142720                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             77602                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      844894177.996047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      646627.003953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000765                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999235                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    85610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         4000      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           387019     59.81%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            2501      0.39%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead          145401     22.47%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          77602     11.99%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess         30582      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            647105                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits              142867                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits              77062                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits              219929                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits              89329                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses          89329                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               845540541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts             647522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps               647522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses       619316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              27102                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts        45081                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts              619316                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads       845999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes       491970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs               220363                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts             142867                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts             77496                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      844893497.226441                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      647043.773559                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000765                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999235                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                    85832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass         3990      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu           387684     59.87%     60.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            2515      0.39%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead          145534     22.48%     83.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite          77497     11.97%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess         30302      4.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total            647522                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             549                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         154450                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           3533                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          3533                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       130576                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       122761                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2118                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          863                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2792                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        125289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       125139                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       153901                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       182489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       182489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       315971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       311606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       627577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total         8927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         6511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         6511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             825504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      7762112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      7762112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      9570273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      8614720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     18184993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       161952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        19968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total       181920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       110240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       110240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            26239265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       335784                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        879162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.379387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.485235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              545619     62.06%     62.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4              333543     37.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          879162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.853826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                853825500000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3548396871500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 634172                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   634172                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36925137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 23123.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 14664053945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14664053945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     20522624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        39360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     20514816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     23060032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     21366656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data     22139200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst        34432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data     19700224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst        23232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data     21318656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data     19691200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         168636800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        30528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        39360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        88448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        25984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        34432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        23232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        37888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       323392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     11773696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11773696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       320666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       320544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       360313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       333854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data       345925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data       307816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst          363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data       333104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst          592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data       307675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2634950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       183964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            183964                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     24036087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        46098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     24026942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       103590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     27007898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        50971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     25024617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst        30432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data     25929420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst        40327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data     23072893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst        27209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data     24968399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        44374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data     23062324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            197507336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        46098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       103590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        50971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        30432                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst        40327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst        27209                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        44374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          378757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       13789347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            13789347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       13789347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        35754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     24036087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        46098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     24026942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       103590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     27007898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        50971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     25024617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst        30432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data     25929420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst        40327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data     23072893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst        27209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data     24968399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        44374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data     23062324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           211296683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      2131200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2533376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      1699968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         6976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       903040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data      3360896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data      1708992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data      3376256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          15960576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         6976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         6848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        53888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks     14975680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       14975680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        33300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        39584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        26562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data        14110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data        52514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data        26703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data        52754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             249384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks       233995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            233995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2496060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2967089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        18589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       225995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         9594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1991002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst         8170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      1057640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         3298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data      3936280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         8020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data      2001571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst         3298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data      3954269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             18693019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        10119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2024                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        18589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         9594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         8170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         3298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         8020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         3298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total           63114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks       17539509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            17539509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks       17539509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        10119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2496060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         2024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2967089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        18589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       225995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         9594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1991002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst         8170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      1057640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         3298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data      3936280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         8020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data      2001571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst         3298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data      3954269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            36232528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  14608123                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                 4860689     49.96%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     40      0.00%     49.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     11      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                4868259     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             9729873                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                  4860689     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      40      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      11      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                 4860680     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              9722294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729184099000     85.40%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2881000      0.00%     85.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1747000      0.00%     85.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124575865000     14.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853807418000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998443                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999221                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                 1619000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                 3238000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total               4857001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    8      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    7      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl              4871018     33.35%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1750      0.01%     33.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                 4857932     33.26%     66.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys             4857002     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              19403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total              14607120                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4857937                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user            4857560                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel            4857560                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user              4857560                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999922                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999961                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      854214504500     66.92%     66.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        422260981500     33.08%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       7                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5289472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.936259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          538574093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5289472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           101.820010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   511.936259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.999876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092966930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092966930                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    319349124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319349124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    219188707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219188707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3952                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    538537831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       538537831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    538537831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      538537831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5145667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5145667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       143716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       143716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          412                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          412                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5289383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       5289383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5289383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      5289383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    324494791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324494791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    219332423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219332423                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5724                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    543827214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543827214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    543827214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543827214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.309574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.309574                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.072561                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072561                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       164045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           164045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            15911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          685225028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            15911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         43066.119540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3415133917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      3415133917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1707543092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707543092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1707543092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1707543092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1707543092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1707543092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        15911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         15911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        15911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1707559003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707559003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1707559003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707559003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1707559003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707559003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        15911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            15911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      10                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  14607693                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861149     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     12      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                4866990     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             9729025                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861149     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      12      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861137     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              9723172                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729491407500     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1928000      0.00%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124362870000     14.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853899031500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999398                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total               4857601                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869647     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1748      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                 4858492     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys             4857602     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              19203      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total              14606698                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858487                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user            4858181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 11                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858182                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user              4858181                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999937                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.090909                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999968                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      431331176500     33.80%     33.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        422268471000     33.09%     66.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        422678320500     33.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5242479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.072979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          538314442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5242479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.683185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.004383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   511.068596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.998181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.931641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092641447                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092641447                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    319289910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319289910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    219159967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219159967                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2329                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    538449877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       538449877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    538449877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      538449877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5113569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5113569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       129814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           75                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5243383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       5243383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5243383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      5243383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    324403479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324403479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    219289781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219289781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2785                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    543693260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543693260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    543693260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543693260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.015763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.000592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.164934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164934                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026930                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.026930                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       146514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           146514                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            13731                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          574828540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         41863.559828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    12.313123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   499.686877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.024049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.975951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414420649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414420649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1707189728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707189728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1707189728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1707189728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1707189728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1707189728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         13731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        13731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1707203459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707203459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1707203459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707203459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1707203459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707203459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            13731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  14608500                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861337     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                4867183     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             9729404                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861337     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861330     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              9723551                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729383235000     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1436500      0.00%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124397909000     14.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853825406500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999398                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        8      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total               4857620                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   56      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   32      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869992     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1755      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                 4858529     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys             4857633     33.25%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              19291      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total              14607288                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858561                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user            4858211                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858211                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user              4858211                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999928                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999964                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      431545217000     50.54%     50.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        422280189500     49.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      32                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5256076                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.423437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          538487783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5256076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.450532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.423437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.996921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092813169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092813169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    319324180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319324180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    219187654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219187654                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3052                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    538511834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       538511834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    538511834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      538511834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5120164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5120164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       137793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137793                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          728                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5257957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5257957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5257957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5257957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    324444344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324444344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    219325447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219325447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3772                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    543769791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543769791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    543769791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543769791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.192593                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.192593                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051166                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       157008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           157008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            18258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1113064066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            18258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         60963.088290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414907134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414907134                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1707426180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707426180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1707426180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1707426180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1707426180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1707426180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         18258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        18258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1707444438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707444438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1707444438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707444438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1707444438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707444438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        18258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            18258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  14607738                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861154     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                4866970     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total             9729007                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861154     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861150     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total              9723187                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729438243500     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1368000      0.00%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124362604000     14.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853845041500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999402                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total               4857601                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    9      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869633     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1751      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                 4858491     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys             4857602     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              19203      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total              14606712                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858500                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user            4858153                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858153                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user              4858153                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999929                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999964                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      855082969500     66.94%     66.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        422266848500     33.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       9                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          5254863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.088610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          538276708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5254863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.434014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.087290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   511.001320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.998049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092652804                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092652804                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    319281425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319281425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    219155486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219155486                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2350                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2746                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    538436911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       538436911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    538436911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      538436911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5122542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5122542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       133194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       133194                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          489                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5255736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       5255736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5255736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      5255736                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    324403967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324403967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    219288680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219288680                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2839                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    543692647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543692647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    543692647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543692647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000607                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.172244                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.172244                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029682                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029682                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       149865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           149865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            13981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          657531359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         47030.352550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    14.661703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   497.338297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.028636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.971364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414424389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414424389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1707191223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707191223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1707191223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1707191223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1707191223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1707191223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         13981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        13981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1707205204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707205204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1707205204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707205204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1707205204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707205204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            13981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                  14607668                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861150     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                     12      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                4866963     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total             9728999                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861150     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                      12      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861144     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total              9723180                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729454297500     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1837500      0.00%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124361808000     14.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853860769000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999402                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total               4857601                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869621     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                   1748      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                 4858492     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys             4857602     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdunique              19203      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total              14606673                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858498                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user            4858151                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858151                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user              4858151                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999929                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999964                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      854777608000     66.93%     66.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user        422274521000     33.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements          5267917                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.114377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs          538338856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5267917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.191978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   511.114377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.998270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092672358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092672358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data    319276855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319276855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data    219150423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219150423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2320                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2711                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data    538427278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       538427278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data    538427278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      538427278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data      5129801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5129801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       138946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138946                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          472                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          472                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data      5268747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total       5268747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data      5268747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total      5268747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    324406656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324406656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    219289369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219289369                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    543696025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543696025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data    543696025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543696025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.015813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.000634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.169054                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169054                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.027967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027967                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       156085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total           156085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            13852                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs          648086410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         46786.486428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414440592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414440592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   1707199518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707199518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   1707199518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      1707199518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst   1707199518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     1707199518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         13852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        13852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   1707213370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707213370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   1707213370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707213370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst   1707213370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707213370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total            13852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                  14607660                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861150     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                     12      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                4866956     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total             9728992                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861150     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                      12      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861141     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total              9723177                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729450551000     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1883000      0.00%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124361846500     14.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853857106500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998805                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999402                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.syscall::total               4857601                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869614     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                   1748      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                 4858492     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::callsys             4857602     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdunique              19203      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total              14606665                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858498                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user            4858148                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858148                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user              4858148                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999928                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999964                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      854742461000     66.93%     66.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user        422262556000     33.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements          5248347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.141421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          538416014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5248347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.587732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     0.005902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   511.135520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092642427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092642427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data    319287060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319287060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data    219154632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219154632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data         2693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data    538441692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       538441692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data    538441692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      538441692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data      5114543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5114543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       134631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       134631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          459                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          459                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data      5249174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total       5249174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data      5249174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total      5249174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    324401603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324401603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    219289263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219289263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data         2782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    543690866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543690866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data    543690866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543690866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.000614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.164575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.164575                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.031991                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031991                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.009655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.009655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       151268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total           151268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            13813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs          567947760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         41116.901470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst    60.974903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   451.025097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.119092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.880908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414392895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414392895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   1707175728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707175728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   1707175728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      1707175728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst   1707175728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     1707175728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         13813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        13813                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   1707189541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707189541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   1707189541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707189541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst   1707189541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707189541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total            13813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                  14607692                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                 4861149     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                     12      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                4866988     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total             9729023                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                  4861149     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                      12      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                 4861140     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total              9723175                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729481601000     85.43%     85.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1880000      0.00%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124361638000     14.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853887945000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998798                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999399                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::256                 1619200     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::257                 3238400     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.syscall::total               4857601                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl              4869645     33.34%     33.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                   1748      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                 4858492     33.26%     66.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::callsys             4857602     33.26%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdunique              19203      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total              14606697                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4858498                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user            4858179                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel            4858179                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user              4858179                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999934                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999967                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      854436517000     66.92%     66.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user        422285411000     33.08%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements          5243890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.182430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs          538336723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5243890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.659805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   511.182430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.998403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1092651340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1092651340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data    319293566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      319293566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data    219159442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     219159442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data         2697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data    538453008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total       538453008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data    538453008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total      538453008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data      5114677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5114677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       129909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          488                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           89                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data      5244586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total       5244586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data      5244586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total      5244586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data    324408243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324408243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data    219289351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219289351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data         2786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data    543697594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543697594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data    543697594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543697594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.000592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000592                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.174660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.174660                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.031945                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.031945                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.009646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.009646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       146392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total           146392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            13828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs          656541264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         47479.119468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3414483204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses      3414483204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   1707220860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1707220860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   1707220860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total      1707220860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst   1707220860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total     1707220860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         13828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        13828                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   1707234688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1707234688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   1707234688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total   1707234688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst   1707234688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total   1707234688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total            13828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                  14590138                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                 4854559     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    874      0.01%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                     22      0.00%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                4860415     50.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total             9715870                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                  4854559     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     874      0.01%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                      22      0.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                 4854559     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total              9710014                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            729275960000     85.44%     85.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22               42826000      0.01%     85.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2201000      0.00%     85.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31           124194706500     14.55%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        853515693500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.998795                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.999397                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::256                 1617000     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::257                 3234000     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.syscall::total               4851001                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpctx                    6      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl              4863092     33.33%     33.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                   1748      0.01%     33.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                 4851892     33.26%     66.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::callsys             4851002     33.25%     99.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdunique              21403      0.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total              14589143                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel          4851898                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user            4851580                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel            4851580                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user              4851580                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999934                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999967                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      853818941000     66.92%     66.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user        422127216000     33.08%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements          5250688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.195143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs          537876157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5250688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           102.439177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.data     0.007829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   511.187314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.data     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.998413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1091582120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1091582120                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data    318987429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      318987429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data    218920588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     218920588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2319                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data         2709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data    537908017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total       537908017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data    537908017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total      537908017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5117576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      5117576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       133945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       133945                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          475                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5251521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total       5251521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data      5251521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total      5251521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data    324105005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    324105005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data    219054533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    219054533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data         2786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2786                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data    543159538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total    543159538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data    543159538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total    543159538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.015790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.000611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.170007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.170007                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.027638                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.027638                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.009668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.009668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       151733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total           151733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            13842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.653398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs          837837126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         60528.617685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    64.576052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   445.077345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.126125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.869292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses       3411518606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses      3411518606                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   1705738534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1705738534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   1705738534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total      1705738534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst   1705738534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total     1705738534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        13846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         13846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        13846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   1705752380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1705752380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   1705752380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total   1705752380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst   1705752380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total   1705752380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks        13842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total            13842                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  236                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 236                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7327                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        15126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   15126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        57664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          419                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        58285                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    58285                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21126720                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10564072                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       349092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8892                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6148                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2744                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 236                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           10291346                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1936                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        14661                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9888211                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            487                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2008                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            272009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           272009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          29642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10261468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15710731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        33438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15563353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               31348029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1574144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    349047621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1261248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    344985840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               696868853                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          5313684                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          26441029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.026863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.162324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                25733482     97.32%     97.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  704803      2.67%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    2744      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            26441029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21090604                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10544795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       353333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          795408                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       788842                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6566                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           10276162                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1845                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       306873                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9865963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              255                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             532                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            270732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           270732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          32239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10243923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        47409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     15622524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        34254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     15584376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               31288563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1865664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    346598936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1297472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    345993616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               695755688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          7952866                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          29044261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.051980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.223004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                27541104     94.82%     94.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1496587      5.15%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    6570      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            29044261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21090613                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10545547                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       273949                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          788224                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       780088                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         8136                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           10272940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9949131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq            273424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           273424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          27665                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10245275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        34411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     15669763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        34497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     15628305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total               31366976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1315776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    347221880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1323776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    345659632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               695521064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                          7953357                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          29045224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.046326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.211519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                27707804     95.40%     95.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 1329284      4.58%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    8136      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            29045224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21047158                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10523735                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       343582                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          782982                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       775946                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         7036                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           10260890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       298125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean        13572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          9867038                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            263660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           263660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          27674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10233216                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        34540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     15583710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        34380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     15579471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total               31232101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1325568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    345055672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1314176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    345838576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total               693533992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          7697667                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          28746048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.051427                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.221972                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                27274775     94.88%     94.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                 1464237      5.09%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    7036      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            28746048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              722145                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3915.745231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              19196611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              722145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               26.582765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   480.133405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.011097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.011199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.024925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.014140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    14.309972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1868.269831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.654245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1545.316417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.117220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.456121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.377275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.955992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           167216833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          167216833                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       310559                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       310559                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        14661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        14661                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        90054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        77790                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          167844                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        15296                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        13089                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        28385                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4839068                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      4804996                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      9644064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        15296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4929122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        13089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      4882786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            9840293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        15296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4929122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        13089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      4882786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           9840293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1418                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1478                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          409                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          461                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        52068                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        51921                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        103989                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          615                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          642                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       308313                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       308472                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       616785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       360381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       360393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total           722031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       360381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       360393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total          722031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       310559                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       310559                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        14661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        14661                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1418                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1478                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          409                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           52                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          461                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       142122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       129711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       271833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        29642                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5147381                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5113468                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10260849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5289503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5243179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       10562324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5289503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        13731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5243179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      10562324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.366361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.400282                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.382547                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.038653                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.046756                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.042406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.059897                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060325                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.038653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.046756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.068359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.038653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.068131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.046756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         104958                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              104958                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              727704                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3963.378106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              19269602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              727704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               26.480000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   554.502623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.054136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.016501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    11.128720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1869.204407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     6.952380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1519.519341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.135377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.456349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.370976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           166897985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          166897985                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       306873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       306873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17185                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        83052                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        81133                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          164185                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16626                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        13084                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        29710                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4810084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4813656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      9623740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4893136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        13084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4894789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            9817635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        16626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4893136                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        13084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      4894789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           9817635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54531                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        51993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        106524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       310689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       309272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       619961                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       365220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       361265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           729014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       365220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       361265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          729014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       306873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       306873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17185                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          171                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       137583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       133126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       270709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        32239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5120773                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5122928                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10243701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5258356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5256054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       10546649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5258356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        13981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5256054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      10546649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.959064                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.884615                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.949239                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993976                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.948276                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982143                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.396350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.390555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.393500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.089385                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.064159                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.078445                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.060672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.060370                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.089385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.064159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.068733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.069123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.089385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.064159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.068733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         108284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              108284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements              722280                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3880.317979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs              19225936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs              722280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs               26.618397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   451.752710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.inst     0.037153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     1.036040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst     0.010834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data     1.002814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     6.785728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data  1695.063663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     6.844958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data  1717.784080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.413834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.419381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.947343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969727                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses           167529159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses          167529159                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       307353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307353                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13578                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total        13578                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data        86728                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        82402                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total          169130                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        13320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        13215                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        26535                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data      4821561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data      4805967                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      9627528                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        13320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data      4908289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        13215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data      4888369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total            9823193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst        13320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data      4908289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst        13215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data      4888369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total           9823193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        52098                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        52027                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total        104125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1130                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       308678                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       308997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       617675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       360776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       361024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total           722930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       360776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       361024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total          722930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       307353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307353                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13578                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13578                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       138826                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       134429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       273255                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        27665                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      5130239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      5114964                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10245203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      5269065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      5249393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       10546123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst        13852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data      5269065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst        13813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data      5249393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      10546123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.375276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.387022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.381054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.038406                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.043293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.040846                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.060168                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.060410                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060289                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.038406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.068471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.043293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.068774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.068549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.038406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.068471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.043293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.068774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks         105487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total              105487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements              721885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3964.409618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs              19188329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs              721885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               26.580867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   522.794607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.inst     0.017080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data     1.028383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst     0.013661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     9.955148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data  1865.096366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     5.399897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1560.104476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.127635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.inst     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.000251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.002430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.455346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.380885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972900                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses           166614730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses          166614730                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       298125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       298125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        13572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total        13572                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        77846                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        81740                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total          159586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        13307                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        13182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        26489                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data      4806465                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data      4809012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      9615477                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data      4884311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        13182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data      4890752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total            9801552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst        13307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data      4884311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst        13182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data      4890752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total           9801552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          137                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        51891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data        52082                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total        103973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          521                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          664                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1185                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       308680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       309003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       617683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       360571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       361085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total           722841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       360571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       361085                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total          722841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       298125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       298125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        13572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total        13572                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       129737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       133822                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       263559                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        27674                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      5115145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5118015                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10233160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      5244882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5251837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total       10524393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst        13828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data      5244882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst        13846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data      5251837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total      10524393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.987342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992754                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.399971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.389189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.394496                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.037677                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.047956                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.042820                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.060346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.060376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060361                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.037677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.068747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.047956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.068754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.068682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.037677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.068747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.047956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.068754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks         105279                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total              105279                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           2458083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              7327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             7327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       262824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2442993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           259420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          258850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2457847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1928615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       239313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2172272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      5976995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      5987777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               8160049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     42793920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     10123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     52932341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    137772160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        43128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    137815288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              190747629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          601893                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          6037145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.099673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.299564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                5435403     90.03%     90.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 601742      9.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            6037145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            622490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       108284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          617760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           106535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          106512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       622490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2188710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2188710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               2188710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     53601064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     53601064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               53601064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         7225455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          8681552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.832122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.373758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1457444     16.79%     16.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                7224108     83.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            8681552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            618805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       105487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          615030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           104287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          104118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       618805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      2170681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      2170681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total               2170681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     53032424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     53032424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total               53032424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                         7231169                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples          8676267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.833372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.372643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                1445709     16.66%     16.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                7230558     83.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total            8676267                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp            636193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             1773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       260123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict          630125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           257127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          256687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       636193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       239825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side      1930463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      2170288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       511131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       511131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total               2681419                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     10169600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     42843880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total     53013480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     20792896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     20792896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total               73806376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                         6634533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          8421061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.787807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.408861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                1786891     21.22%     21.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                6634170     78.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            8421061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        74786                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.180944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         5602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        74786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.074907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.163558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.002602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.008147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.947722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1430349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1430349                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        78860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        78860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5422                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         5446                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         5451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5423                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         5451                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        33440                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38936                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        72376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          716                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        34048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        39652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        73865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        34048                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        39652                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        73865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        78860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        78860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        38862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        77822                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        39471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        79316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        39471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        79316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.860481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.930020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998358                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996653                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.862608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.931275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.862608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.931275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        73411                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        73411                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       728517                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.654898                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       728517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.248774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.773530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     6.626301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.140548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.423346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.414144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses     12481002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses     12481002                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       108284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       108284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54522                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        51988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       106510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       310688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       309271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       622488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       365210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       361259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       728998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       365210                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       361259                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       728998                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       108284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       108284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          173                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          220                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54522                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        51990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       106512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       310689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       309272                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       622490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       365211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       361262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       729002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       365211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       361262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       729002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks       108286                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total       108286                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements       723210                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.768696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs       723210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.160465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.003153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     5.979254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     7.624368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.135029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.373703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.476523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses     12378126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses     12378126                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       105487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       105487                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        52093                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        52014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total       104107                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       308677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       308997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       618804                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       360770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       361011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total       722911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       360770                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       361011                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total       722911                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       105487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       105487                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           66                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        52094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        52024                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       104118                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       308678                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       308997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       618805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       360772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       361021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total       722923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       360772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       361021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total       722923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks       105473                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total       105473                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements       642519                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.899201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           94                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs       642519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.663630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.004002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     7.567071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.002404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     7.662095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.041477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.472942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.478881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses     10938333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses     10938333                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        25634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       308125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       308239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       617398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       333759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       308292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total       643085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       333759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       308292                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total       643085                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        25634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        25687                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       308126                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       617399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       333760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total       643086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       333760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total       643086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks        26125                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total        26125                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1995812                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.598326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1995812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.243678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.228972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.274333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     1.890601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.254106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     2.542587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     2.157933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.077730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.201811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.142146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.118163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.140882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.158912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.134871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     34025800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     34025800                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       157872                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       157872                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          328                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2018                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          207                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           87                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          237                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           51                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          321                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         2019                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          135                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        52518                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        38517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        38317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data        25516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       155019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       309057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       295570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data       307831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          538                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data       307845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data       307717                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data       307824                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1839805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       361575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       334087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data       346148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data       307960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data       333233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data       307860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      1994824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       361575                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       334087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data       346148                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          538                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data       307960                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          363                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data       333233                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          592                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data       307860                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      1994824                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       157872                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       157872                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        52518                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38517                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        38318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        25516                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       155020                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1384                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       309264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          767                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       295984                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       308067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          553                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       308163                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       308038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1841823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       361782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       334501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       346385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       308278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       333554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      1996843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       361782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       334501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       346385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data       308278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data       333554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data       308188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      1996843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999994                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998555                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999331                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.886571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998601                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.973621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999234                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.972875                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998968                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.876812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.998958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.954839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.998936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998904                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.886571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.973621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.972875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.876812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.954839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.998936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.886571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.973621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.972875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.998968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.876812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.954839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.998936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       157866                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       157866                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements       172017                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.326246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs       172017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.003790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.984953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.002865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.004630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.311640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.001454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.006409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.001231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.004300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.874060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.081977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses      3057876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses      3057876                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total       155423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          528                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          596                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        32912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        38927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1964                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data        51834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       152720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          135                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          505                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          673                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        13165                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        17325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        33417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        39600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        14111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data        52523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total       170045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          135                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        33417                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        39600                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3102                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26601                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst          109                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        14111                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data        52523                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total       170045                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33437                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        38934                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13446                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        13657                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        51856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       153296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          673                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          115                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          467                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           45                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        17345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        14124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        52545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total       170641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        39607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        14124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        52545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total       170641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984299                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994094                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.984615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.947826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.993576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.984615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.947826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.984615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.947826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.999581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks       154844                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total       154844                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           324481223                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                54                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       120083184                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          224196172                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               11                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       45875371                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           548677395                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                65                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       165958555                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1024434065                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               15                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1024434080                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1707614782                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1707558938                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1707558938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1367966454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     363835372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           52239286                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     99764664                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1367966454                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            363835372                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   2188038293                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    972586279                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    421475226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    294144714                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            548697902                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          324500805                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         224197097                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      91984.051046                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1707522797.948954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999946                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000054                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                176669030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     75787393      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        745245356     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            8121      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      145413418      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       18313600      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       20891603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      56167400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        3824201      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       324512568     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      224198865     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      92377278      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1707559003                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           324387021                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                79                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       120082138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          224151043                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       45875374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           548538064                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                93                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       165957512                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1024449403                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1024449419                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1707798133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1707203366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1707203366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1367617958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     363836595                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           52212553                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     99740765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1367617958                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            363836595                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   2187572483                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    972320400                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    421474430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    294143314                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            548558308                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          324406347                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         224151961                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      447573.562084                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1707350559.437916                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.999738                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.000262                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                176614728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     75791343      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        745030416     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            6238      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      145417517      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       18313800      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       20892603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      56164400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        3823801      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       324411865     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      224151971     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      92380305      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1707203459                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           324428535                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               179                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       120087168                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          224187657                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               60                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       45877240                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           548616192                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               239                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       165964408                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1024479048                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               90                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1024479138                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1707651002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1707444199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1707444199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1367846114                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     363842976                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           52218807                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     99772261                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1367846114                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            363842976                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   2187895648                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    972474751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    421479253                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    294149360                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            548637055                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          324448303                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         224188752                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      206474.000242                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1707444527.999758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                176652967                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     75797461      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        745176274     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            6681      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      145416695      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       18313500      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       20892903      1.22%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      56167400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        3824101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       324456995     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      224188874     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      92384354      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1707444438                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           324387530                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               103                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       120081690                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          224149981                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       45875374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           548537511                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               117                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       165957064                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         1024446571                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               26                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     1024446597                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1707690144                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1707205087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1707205087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   1367622591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     363832307                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           52212831                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     99741841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          1367622591                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            363832307                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   2187576219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    972325303                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    421466629                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    294139114                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            548557837                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          324406909                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         224150928                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      445781.220282                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1707244362.779718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999739                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000261                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                176616334                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     75791344      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        745035574     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            6250      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      145412620      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       18313700      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       20892703      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      56165400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        3823901      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       324413123     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      224150965     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      92380424      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1707205204                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits           324390201                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses                79                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses       120085738                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits          224150633                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses       45875374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits           548540834                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses                93                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses       165961112                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits         1024461523                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses     1024461539                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles              1707721603                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts         1707213277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps           1707213277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses   1367623559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses     363846796                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls           52212517                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts     99740641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts          1367623559                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts            363846796                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads   2187594630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes    972322437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads    421487030                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes    294153814                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs            548561079                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts          324409527                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts         224151552                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      437637.095401                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      1707283965.904599                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.999744                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.000256                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                176612613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass     75791332      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu        745031177     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            6246      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd      145420817      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp       18313500      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt       20892903      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult      56167400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv        3824101      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead       324415049     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite      224151564     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess      92380081      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total        1707213370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits           324385145                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                78                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses       120080637                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits          224150525                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses       45875375                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits           548535670                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                93                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses       165956012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits         1024437540                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses     1024437556                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles              1707714279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts         1707189448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps           1707189448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses   1367612456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses     363826995                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls           52212463                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts     99740824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts          1367612456                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts            363826995                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads   2187556393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes    972316861                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads    421458230                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes    294133714                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs            548555914                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts          324404470                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts         224151444                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      461466.101531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      1707252812.898469                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.999730                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.000270                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                176614426                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass     75791337      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu        745027257     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult            6245      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd      145409417      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp       18313800      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt       20892603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult      56164400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv        3823801      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead       324409987     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite      224151453     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess      92380041      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total        1707189541                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits           324391790                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                79                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses       120087338                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits          224150618                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses       45875374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits           548542408                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                93                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses       165962712                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits         1024483295                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses     1024483311                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles              1707775957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts         1707234595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps           1707234595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses   1367630794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses     363860095                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls           52212513                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts     99740592                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts          1367630794                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts            363860095                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads   2187619735                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes    972327765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads    421510030                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes    294167314                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs            548562653                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts          324411116                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts         224151537                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      416333.464884                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      1707359623.535116                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.999756                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.000244                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                176615116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass     75791333      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu        745039011     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult            6247      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd      145430317      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp       18313300      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt       20893103      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult      56169400      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv        3824301      0.22%     62.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead       324416638     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite      224151549     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess      92380289      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total        1707234688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits           324086352                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                78                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses       120058237                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits          223909198                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses       45875375                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits           547995550                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                93                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses       165933612                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits         1023923106                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses               16                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses     1023923122                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles              1707031396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts         1705752287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps           1705752287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses   1366308155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses     363736796                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls           52181791                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts     99661844                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts          1366308155                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts            363736796                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads   2185670780                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes    971333134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads    421390631                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes    294067814                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs            548017994                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts          324107877                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts         223910117                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      1897924.109355                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      1705133471.890645                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.998888                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.001112                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                176485809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass     75745213      4.44%      4.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu        744360229     43.64%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult            6268      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     48.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd      145369117      8.52%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp       18315900      1.07%     57.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt       20877303      1.22%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult      56154400      3.29%     62.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv        3823901      0.22%     62.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt        819200      0.05%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead       324113430     19.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite      223910138     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess      92257281      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total        1705752380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1860179                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       313295                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1844465                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          567                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          598                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          969                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        309049                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       308680                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1860179                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       222880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       222880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      2097960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        89911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2187871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1967217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       201392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      2168609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1929403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total      1929403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            6508763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      9425664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      9425664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     50658088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2942848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     53600936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     44502440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      8528320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     53030760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     42843624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     42843624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           158900984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      3616057                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       7953031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.454605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             4337547     54.54%     54.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             3615484     45.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         7953031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184111315500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3732508187000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               26402450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 26402449                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              323326630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   569.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15034299258                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15034299258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       314112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       590848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        46208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst       129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       286016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1426496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       314112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         1600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst         2624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       494208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       515520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         515520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         9232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst         2020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         4469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              22289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         8055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              8055                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        38933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        33371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         3129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1706098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3209189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       199184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       250979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst       702184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      1553495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.inst         8690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data         3129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data         2086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.inst        14252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data         8343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              7748008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        38933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1706098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       199184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst       702184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus5.inst         8690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus6.inst         4171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus7.inst        14252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2684289                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2800045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2800045                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2800045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        38933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        33371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        10776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         3129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1706098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3209189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       199184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       250979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst       702184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      1553495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.inst         8690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data         3129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.inst         4171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data         2086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.inst        14252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data         8343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            10548053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1495104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        45888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus4.data       340288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus5.data         4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus6.data         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus7.data         3904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           1946560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks      1414208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1414208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        23361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus4.data         5317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus5.data           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus6.data           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus7.data           61                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              30415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks        22097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             22097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data         3824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        22595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       235336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      8120652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       249241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.inst        20162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus4.data      1848273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus5.data        22595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus6.data        22943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus7.data        21205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             10572734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       235336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus4.inst        20162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          261407                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks        7681266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             7681266                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks        7681266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data         3824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        22595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       235336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      8120652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         5909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       249241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.inst        20162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus4.data      1848273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus5.data        22595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus6.data        22943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus7.data        21205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            18254000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     193                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4298                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1048     26.76%     26.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      2.35%     29.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      4.83%     33.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     33.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2587     66.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3917                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1048     44.09%     44.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.87%     47.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      7.95%     55.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     55.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1047     44.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2377                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            183844401000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              183303500      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184044030000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.404716                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.606842                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3353     83.49%     83.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    381      9.49%     92.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     282      7.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4016                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.806808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             479791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           378.981833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   487.806808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.952748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           325576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          325576                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       101742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         101742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         55950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       157692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          157692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       157692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         157692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          206                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          215                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       102370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       102370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        56431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56431                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       158801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       158801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       158801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       158801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.113187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.113187                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.125291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.125291                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.006984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1023657110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         680170.837209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           939579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          939579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       468300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         468300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       468300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          468300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       468300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         468300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       469293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       469293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       469293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       469293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       469293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       469293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              993                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      3243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     763     26.63%     26.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.60%     33.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     33.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1912     66.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                2865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      763     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     189     11.02%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     762     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1715                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184080225000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               97180500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184186831000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398536                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598604                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2485     81.40%     81.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    378     12.38%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  3053                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements              575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.538739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             408059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           429.084122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   469.538739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.917068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           178016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          178016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        55828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          55828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          582                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        86545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           86545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        86545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          86545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        56600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          595                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        87405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        87405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        87405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        87405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.002857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.030928                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030928                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1133302392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         894477.026046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.007812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.992188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           509817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          509817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       253776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         253776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       253776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          253776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       253776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         253776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       254531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       254531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       254531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       254531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       254531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       254531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    470310                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    3545     40.44%     40.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.05%     40.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      2.16%     42.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     42.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   5026     57.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                8765                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     3545     48.67%     48.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.05%     48.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      2.60%     51.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    3544     48.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 7283                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            183662448500     99.80%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              353732000      0.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184025892000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.705133                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.830918                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.28%      0.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.28%      0.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       347     96.93%     97.49% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      0.28%     97.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.28%     98.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.28%     98.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.28%     98.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.56%     99.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.84%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   358                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7994      1.70%      1.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1081      0.23%      1.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      1.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     577      0.12%      2.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 368      0.08%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%      2.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             459474     97.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                469530                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              603                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                571                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                572                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  571                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.948590                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.973595                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1886936000      1.03%      1.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        181950114500     98.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            93979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.752664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           84009244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            94474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           889.231365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.752664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        168222008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       168222008                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     53721831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       53721831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29957497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29957497                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       144330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       144330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       145643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145643                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     83679328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        83679328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     83679328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       83679328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        58393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        58393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        34505                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1554                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1554                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           53                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           53                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        92898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         92898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        92898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        92898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     53780224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     53780224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     29992002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     29992002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       145884                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       145696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       145696                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83772226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     83772226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     83772226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     83772226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010652                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        56883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            56883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           654794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          962189847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           655306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1468.306176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        735971233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       735971233                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367003418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      367003418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367003418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       367003418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    367003418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      367003418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       654799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        654799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       654799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367658217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    367658217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367658217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    367658217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    367658217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    367658217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       654794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           654794                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     191                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      4023                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     854     27.92%     27.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.18%     34.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.07%     34.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2014     65.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                3059                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      854     45.02%     45.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      9.96%     54.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.11%     55.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     852     44.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1897                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184128104500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 330500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              103177000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184240873000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.423039                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.620137                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      1.75%      1.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.15%      1.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2610     78.57%     80.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    379     11.41%     91.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     258      7.77%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.27%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  3322                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              316                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.212025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.349869                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      184091384000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2689                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          465.272012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             495163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           157.645018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   465.272012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.908734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.908734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           257100                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          257100                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        78325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        43523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1026                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       121848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          121848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       121848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         121848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           48                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        80649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        80649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        44255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1065                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1053                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       124904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       124904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045070                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.045070                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.025641                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.024467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.024467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1050622583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         398264.815390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     9.994034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   502.005966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.019520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.980480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           785824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          785824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       389723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         389723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       389723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          389723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       389723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         389723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       391849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       391849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       391849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       391849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       391849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       391849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             2126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu4.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu4.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                     188                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.hwrei                      4451                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::0                    1009     30.05%     30.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      5.63%     35.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     35.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::31                   2159     64.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_count::total                3358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::0                     1007     45.71%     45.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::22                     189      8.58%     54.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     54.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::31                    1006     45.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_good::total                 2203                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184194188000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::31              107002000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184310563000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998018                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::31                0.465956                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.ipl_used::total             0.656045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      1.46%      1.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.03%      1.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2879     79.38%     81.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rdps                    379     10.45%     91.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     91.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::rti                     289      7.97%     99.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.41%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.callpal::total                  3627                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::kernel              341                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.284457                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.444191                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      184238971500     99.96%     99.96% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::user            75506500      0.04%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu4.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements            13278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          459.215905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             570904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            41.399855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data   459.215905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.896906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           534661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses          534661                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       132412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         132412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data       110723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data       243135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total          243135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data       243135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total         243135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         7016                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7016                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total         13611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        13611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total        13611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       139007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       117739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       117739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1888                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       256746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total       256746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data       256746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total       256746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.047444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.059589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.059589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.084746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084746                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.051419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051419                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.053013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.053013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total             8296                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements             5418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         1060485027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         178833.900000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst   511.999834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1421084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses         1421084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       702412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         702412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       702412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total          702412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst       702412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total         702412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total          5420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total         5420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       707832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       707832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       707832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total       707832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst       707832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total       707832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.007657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total             5418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu5.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu5.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                     190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.hwrei                      3243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::0                     763     26.63%     26.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.60%     33.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     33.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::31                   1912     66.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_count::total                2865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::0                      763     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::22                     189     11.02%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::31                     762     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_good::total                 1715                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184121723000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::31               97607500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184228756000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398536                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598604                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2485     81.40%     81.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rdps                    378     12.38%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.callpal::total                  3053                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::kernel              190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu5.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.812245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs             354883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs           340.252157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data   471.812245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.921508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           178809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses          178809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        56206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          56206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data        30716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data        86922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total           86922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data        86922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total          86922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        56988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          598                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        87793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total        87793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data        87793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total        87793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.013722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.002889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.025084                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025084                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.032646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.009921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.009921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              755                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         1140158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         899888.122336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.inst           35                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst          477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.inst     0.068359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.931641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses           511405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses          511405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       254570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         254570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       254570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total          254570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst       254570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total         254570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       255325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       255325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       255325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total       255325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst       255325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total       255325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.002957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::writebacks          755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu6.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu6.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                     190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.hwrei                      3243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::0                     763     26.63%     26.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.60%     33.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     33.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::31                   1912     66.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_count::total                2865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::0                      763     44.49%     44.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::22                     189     11.02%     55.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     55.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::31                     762     44.43%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_good::total                 1715                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184090785500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::31               97706500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184197917500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398536                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598604                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2485     81.40%     81.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rdps                    378     12.38%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.callpal::total                  3053                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::kernel              190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu6.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.124309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs             406755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs           397.999022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data   471.124309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.920165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           178968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses          178968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        56310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          56310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data        30716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          583                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data        87026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           87026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data        87026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          87026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        57074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          582                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        87879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        87879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data        87879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        87879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.013386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.002889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.026711                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026711                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.032646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.032646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.009707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.009707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs         1051518139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         825367.456044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           511768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          511768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       254741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         254741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       254741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total          254741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst       254741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total         254741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       255503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       255503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       255503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total       255503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst       255503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total       255503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.002982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.002982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.002982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::writebacks          762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total              762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu7.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu7.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                     190                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.hwrei                      3243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::0                     763     26.63%     26.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::22                    189      6.60%     33.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::30                      2      0.07%     33.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::31                   1911     66.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_count::total                2865                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::0                      763     44.44%     44.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::22                     189     11.01%     55.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::30                       2      0.12%     55.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::31                     763     44.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_good::total                 1717                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::0            184463821500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::22                9261000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 195000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::31               97045000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_ticks::total        184570322500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399267                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.ipl_used::total             0.599302                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2485     81.40%     81.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rdps                    378     12.38%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::rti                     190      6.22%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.callpal::total                  3053                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::kernel              190                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu7.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.008035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             336785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           327.930867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data   473.008035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.923844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           177490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses          177490                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        55653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          55653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data        30710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          572                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          572                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          566                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data        86363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           86363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data        86363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          86363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        56380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        30797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        87177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        87177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data        87177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        87177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.012895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.002825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.020548                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.020548                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.029160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.029160                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.009337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.009337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               56                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs          868814894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         722206.894431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7.inst    38.012954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   472.987046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu7.inst     0.074244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.923803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses           508602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses          508602                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       253263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         253263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       253263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total          253263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst       253263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total         253263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       253955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       253955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       253955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total       253955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst       253955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total       253955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.002725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.002725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.002725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::writebacks          692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 600                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        14722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    31138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  256                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7303                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3812                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1781                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2674                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1647                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1027                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               3919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          494                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean          875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict              208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            233                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             667                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq               135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp              135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  12521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        87616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        89235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        80256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        59888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  316995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           137105                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            144864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.050213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.248738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  138617     95.69%     95.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5220      3.60%     99.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1027      0.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              144864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1508149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       754058                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        28534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           34092                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        31200                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2892                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             719288                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        57939                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       636409                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            30820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              104                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         656925                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         62319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1944445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       275976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         5814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         9059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                2235294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     82537344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9683655                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       236032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       264704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                92721735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           165534                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1673922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.056361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.238021                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1582482     94.54%     94.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   88536      5.29%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2904      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1673922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests         40978                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2496                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           15821                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12796                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         3025                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              13727                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               387                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4604                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6175                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        14963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        40605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         1991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side         2686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                  60245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side       610752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1406696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        79104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side        60016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                 2156568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                           161123                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples            202172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.116975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                  181548     89.80%     89.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                   17599      8.70%     98.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                    3025      1.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total              202172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5759                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         2974                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1191                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3924                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1346                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2578                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp               2973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean          760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict              544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             36                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              81                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1454                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         1819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side         2551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                   8541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        69568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        59056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        72128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        56432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                  257184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                           133028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples            138855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.066278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.314671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                  132230     95.23%     95.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    4047      2.91%     98.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                    2578      1.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total              138855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                 360                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3967.327177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                563835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              146.679240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   719.879406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   165.732505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1558.721751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   302.893279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1219.100236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.175752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.040462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.380547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.073949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.297632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850586                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses               44727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses              44727                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          875                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total          875                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1605                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          725                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1203                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          412                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          431                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          112                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total              471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total             471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          875                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total          875                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          412                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          431                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1748                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          817                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1401                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           3279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          3279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.112790                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.041060                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.081808                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.112607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.181507                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.112790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.178005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.041060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.263482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.143641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.112790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.178005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.041060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.263482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks             48                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                  48                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               43027                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3937.619303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1921636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               46877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               40.993152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2512.758213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.996841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   680.316949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   704.105817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    23.585308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    14.856174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.613466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.166093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.171901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.961333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3658                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939941                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            11914609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           11914609                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        57939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        57939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       636409                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       636409                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9020                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            9076                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       649211                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1521                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       650732                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        50284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        51650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       649211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        59304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             711458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       649211                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        59304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            711458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         26046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6193                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        10430                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            42669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           42669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        57939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        57939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       636409                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       636409                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34439                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        35122                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       656925                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        59768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        62080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         754127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       654799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        94207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         2126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        754127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.947368                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.953846                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.738088                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.918009                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.741586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008534                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284572                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.009427                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.158680                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.409170                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.168009                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.370493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.525209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.056581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.370493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.284572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.525209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          26565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               26565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements               12222                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3952.685404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                637423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs               16246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs               39.235689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   603.607984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4.data     0.999148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst    94.492144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data  1562.079326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst   304.614291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data  1385.892511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.147365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu4.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu5.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.023069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.381367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.074369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.338353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.965011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses              327676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses             327676                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4604                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total         4604                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total             390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3313                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          718                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data         2892                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data          684                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         3576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data          684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total               7997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst         3313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data         3282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst          718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data          684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total              7997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          110                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total          6577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2144                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total            12667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total           12667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4604                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4604                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6901                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6967                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7522                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        13635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total          20664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         5420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        13635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst          755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total         20664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.990991                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992537                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.943486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.388745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.049007                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.347206                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.570538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.131980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.524595                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.388745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.759296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.049007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.199063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.612998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.388745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.759296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.049007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.199063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.612998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks           3306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total                3306                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                 226                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3967.215454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                517344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                4161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs              124.331651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   636.563648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst    73.098387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data  1631.619817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst   368.706517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data  1256.227085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.155411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu6.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.017846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.398345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.090016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.306696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960693                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses               37228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses              37228                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          760                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total          760                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          734                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1385                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus7.data          634                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1152                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus7.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               2537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst          734                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.inst          651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus7.data          634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              2537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total              544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total             544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total          760                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1454                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          761                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1499                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total           3081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst          762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst          692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total          3081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.036745                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.059249                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.047455                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.319317                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.140921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.231488                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.036745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.372881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.059249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.208489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.176566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.036745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.372881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst     0.059249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data     0.208489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks             36                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                  36                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             15891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8159                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        15295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         2379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        68486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        71024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 77033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        24256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        38019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1969856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9471                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1979327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        16640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2033986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           88663                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           138697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.637115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  50331     36.29%     36.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  88366     63.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             138697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             16667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           14460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        16623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       127694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       127694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                127694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      4433415                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4433415                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                4433415                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          122885                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           206628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.591614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.491536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  84384     40.84%     40.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 122244     59.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             206628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp              6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6557                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side        37415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total        37415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                 37415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side      1024088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total      1024088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                1024088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                          149251                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples           172704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.860345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.346630                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                  24119     13.97%     13.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                 148585     86.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total             172704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              6684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port          302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side         1933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total         2235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        88481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total        88481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 90716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        29984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        39776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port      3381376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total      3381376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                3421152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           74606                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples           133723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.556000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.496856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  59373     44.40%     44.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  74350     55.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total             133723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements           65                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.615470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           18                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs           80                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.225000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.327354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.352306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.912326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.023484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.707960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.147019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.057020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.001468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses         1345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses         1345                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           42                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           42                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           42                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total           39                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        42888                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.914342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           62                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        42904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.209693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.122985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.542600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.025433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.638106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.007687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.346413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       739881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       739881                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26565                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26565                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        26030                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16622                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        42652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        34892                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        42652                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26565                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26565                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        25410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        26032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        16623                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        42655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        34894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        42655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999940                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        26558                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        26558                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements         8967                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    11.487658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs         8983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.016587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.004390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     2.863921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     4.548268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.164489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     2.906590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.062774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.178995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.284267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.010281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.181662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.717979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses       205728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses       205728                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         6494                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total         6557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         3841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total        12646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data        10335                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total        12646                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         6494                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         3842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total        12647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data        10336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data          167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total        12647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999740                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999836                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks         3299                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total         3299                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements          139                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.127483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs          150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.093333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.763992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     1.040292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     4.528927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     2.786943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     3.007329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.172749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.065018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.283058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.174184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.187958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses         5901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses         5901                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           13                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           13                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total          408                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           13                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           13                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          235                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data          102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total          408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        22362                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.481836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        22378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.026097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.037867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.638935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.634440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.015988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.011538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.015536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.inst     0.004059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.010598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.inst     0.001575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus6.data     0.004433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.inst     0.021164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus7.data     0.074726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.377367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.102433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.477153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.inst     0.000254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus6.data     0.000277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.inst     0.001323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus7.data     0.004670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       399845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       399845                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data          204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus6.data          200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          550                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data          204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus6.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data          204                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus5.data           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus6.data          200                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          554                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         8036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4908                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2020                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         2351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus7.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        22986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10127                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          730                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst         2020                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4481                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus6.data            8                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        22986                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5771                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2130                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         8040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4911                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          588                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         2555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        23540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst         2049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus6.data          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus7.data           52                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        23540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.960000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987013                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999389                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.974490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.959677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.985847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.920157                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.243243                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.974490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.966887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.985847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.956457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.243243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.976466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.974490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.966887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst     0.985847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.956457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.inst     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data     0.243243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.inst     0.428571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus6.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus7.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.976466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         7793                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         7793                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements        28336                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.799851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           36                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs        28352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.264919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.001550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.056231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.454880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.009641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus4.data     0.008275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus5.data     0.003956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.829057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.153430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.inst     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus4.data     0.000517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus5.data     0.000247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses       516402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses       516402                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus4.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total           22                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          480                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         4267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        24492                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus4.data         1059                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus5.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6268                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus5.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total        30760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23824                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          717                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus4.data         5326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus5.data           65                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total        30760                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         4267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         1065                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus5.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6283                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           65                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total        30782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.inst           58                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus4.data         5332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus5.data           65                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total        30782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999643                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.909091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995798                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.994366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus4.data     0.998875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus5.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks        22074                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total        22074                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              104558                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              58810                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              163368                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              55816                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          55816                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               368088193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             469293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               469293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       449229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              27694                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        30732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              449229                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       598233                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       351670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               163742                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             104742                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             59000                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      367619264.268307                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      468928.731693                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001274                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998726                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    66999                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2268      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           278898     59.43%     59.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1447      0.31%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          109096     23.25%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          59378     12.65%     96.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         18206      3.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            469293                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               57195                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              31587                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               88782                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              38887                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          38887                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               368373792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             254531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               254531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       242595                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16706                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              242595                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       329359                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       192488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                88972                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              57195                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             31777                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      368119346.589146                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      254445.410854                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    33243                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         1704      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           148536     58.36%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             977      0.38%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           58367     22.93%     82.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          31777     12.48%     94.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         13170      5.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            254531                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            53466453                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               287                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        52906963                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           30138285                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               26                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       29620588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            83604738                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               313                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        82527551                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          364001347                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              261                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      364001608                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               368051602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          367657892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            367657892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    358760222                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       1050488                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            8536602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     31441295                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           358760222                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              1050488                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    562861418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    293196759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads       984013                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes       459339                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             84065028                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           53926439                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          30138589                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      563904.980369                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      367487697.019631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.998468                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.001532                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 43938082                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      4178960      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        275653101     74.98%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         2702022      0.73%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         197114      0.05%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp          65537      0.02%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         131074      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        54085176     14.71%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       30139246      8.20%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        505971      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         367658217                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               81166                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              45400                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              126566                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              61968                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          62093                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               368481877                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             391464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               391464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       374221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              13649                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        33266                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              374221                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       503986                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       292524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               127865                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              82055                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             45810                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      368089818.166398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      392058.833603                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001064                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998936                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    53570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         4541      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           236615     60.38%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            1062      0.27%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.01%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           84270     21.51%     83.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          45819     11.69%     95.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         19515      4.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            391849                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_hits              140427                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_hits             119747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_hits              260174                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_hits             200676                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus4.itb.fetch_accesses         200828                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus4.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus4.numCycles               368621647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus4.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus4.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus4.committedInsts             707350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus4.committedOps               707350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_alu_accesses       678406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus4.num_func_calls              19479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus4.num_conditional_control_insts        64338                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_insts              678406                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_reads       955897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_int_register_writes       488313                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus4.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus4.num_mem_refs               261480                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus4.num_load_insts             141266                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_store_insts            120214                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus4.num_idle_cycles      367913085.012200                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.num_busy_cycles      708561.987800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus4.not_idle_fraction        0.001922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.idle_fraction            0.998078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus4.Branches                    92316                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::No_OpClass        11470      1.62%      1.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntAlu           406347     57.41%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntMult            1492      0.21%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.17%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.03%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemRead          144697     20.44%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::MemWrite         120285     16.99%     96.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::IprAccess         22142      3.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus4.op_class::total            707832                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_hits               57586                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_hits              31590                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_hits               89176                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_hits              38887                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus5.itb.fetch_accesses          38887                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus5.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus5.numCycles               368457642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus5.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus5.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus5.committedInsts             255325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus5.committedOps               255325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_alu_accesses       243386                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus5.num_func_calls              10910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus5.num_conditional_control_insts        17100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_insts              243386                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_reads       330153                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_int_register_writes       192885                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus5.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus5.num_mem_refs                89366                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus5.num_load_insts              57586                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_store_insts             31780                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus5.num_idle_cycles      368202344.165003                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.num_busy_cycles      255297.834997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus5.not_idle_fraction        0.000693                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.idle_fraction            0.999307                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus5.Branches                    33640                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::No_OpClass         1704      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntAlu           148936     58.33%     59.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntMult             977      0.38%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemRead           58758     23.01%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::MemWrite          31780     12.45%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::IprAccess         13170      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus5.op_class::total            255325                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_hits               57673                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_hits              31591                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_hits               89264                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_hits              38887                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus6.itb.fetch_accesses          38887                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus6.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus6.numCycles               368395965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus6.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus6.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus6.committedInsts             255503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus6.committedOps               255503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_alu_accesses       243563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus6.num_func_calls              10910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus6.num_conditional_control_insts        17188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_insts              243563                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_reads       330331                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_int_register_writes       192974                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus6.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus6.num_mem_refs                89454                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus6.num_load_insts              57673                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_store_insts             31781                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus6.num_idle_cycles      368140531.816124                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.num_busy_cycles      255433.183876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus6.not_idle_fraction        0.000693                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.idle_fraction            0.999307                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus6.Branches                    33729                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::No_OpClass         1704      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntAlu           149026     58.33%     58.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntMult             977      0.38%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemRead           58845     23.03%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::MemWrite          31781     12.44%     94.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::IprAccess         13170      5.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus6.op_class::total            255503                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_hits               56964                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_hits              31571                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_hits               88535                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_hits              38887                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus7.itb.fetch_accesses          38887                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus7.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus7.numCycles               369140835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus7.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus7.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus7.committedInsts             253955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus7.committedOps               253955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_alu_accesses       242029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus7.num_func_calls              10904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus7.num_conditional_control_insts        16479                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_insts              242029                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_reads       328752                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_int_register_writes       192160                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus7.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus7.num_mem_refs                88725                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus7.num_load_insts              56964                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_store_insts             31761                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus7.num_idle_cycles      368886437.208808                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.num_busy_cycles      254397.791192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus7.not_idle_fraction        0.000689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.idle_fraction            0.999311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus7.Branches                    32997                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::No_OpClass         1706      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntAlu           148204     58.36%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntMult             977      0.38%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemRead           58136     22.89%     82.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::MemWrite          31762     12.51%     94.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::IprAccess         13170      5.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus7.op_class::total            253955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          23192                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29910                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19593                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          318                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          229                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          499                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         32670                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32653                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        23148                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        49654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        76290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       125944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        22230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        14351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total        36581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         1933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total         1933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             164706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1485447                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      2947328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      4432775                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       536280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       487296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total      1023576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        30048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        30048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             5494975                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        54177                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        163729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.329984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.470208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3              109701     67.00%     67.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               54028     33.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          163729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
