
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354941500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261635387500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              185103711                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                185097024                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              557104478                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 745732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117924568                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117924568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        10240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            300416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        81664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       106752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       212352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    230077351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     71403316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67436465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     28849825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    300759421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    147855351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            846381728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    230077351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     67436465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    300759421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       598273237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       54994978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            54994978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       54994978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    230077351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     71403316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     67436465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     28849825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    300759421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    147855351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           901376706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       153472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       554048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            816448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        35648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        41280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       568448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         568448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100433452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    432386745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8654947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    190589153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7212456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1560955819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2300232574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    100433452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8654947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7212456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       116300855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1601525885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1601525885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1601525885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    100433452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    432386745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      8654947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    190589153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7212456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1560955819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          3901758459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139307000     91.91%     91.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      7.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151566500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61992500     75.32%     75.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20313000     24.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.424453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.900457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.362794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   472.061660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.047584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2179                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045827                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.846709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.600371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.371622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          335687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351989000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357775000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.31%      5.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.74%      6.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1045331000     93.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.248861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.175414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.439123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   369.809738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.793375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.575256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.228224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.376124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357511500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357676000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          276.938053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   275.789871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.148182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.538652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.540895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551499500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560932500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         510522000     87.12%     87.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75510000     12.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.049880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.473264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.109913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   317.939967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.620976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           84                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079977                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065421                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             254050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.510424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.629307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.242056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           907110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          907110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22168                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11318                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6493                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6194                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          299                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       296640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       525904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1167464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            44540                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             66588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.144531                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   57271     86.01%     86.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9010     13.53%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     307      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               66588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17043                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7674                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6805                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          869                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             87                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1352160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1844520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31554                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.166595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.406637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   55507     84.67%     84.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9184     14.01%     98.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     869      1.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8218                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3859.419480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  6578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.800438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1846.319704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    23.858634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    43.296284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.042810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.252711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   507.168630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   697.091469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   268.443013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.946225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.450762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.010570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.123820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.170188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.065538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.114245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914307                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177496                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4122                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4122                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1170                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          423                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1762                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2545                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4122                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4122                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           96                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975610                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.900962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.871272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.894001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.735259                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.599681                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.600955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.501923                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.566563                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.735259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.659010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.735259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.725459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.659010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10734                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3731.979306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 20182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.880194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1585.681625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   210.682412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   157.512819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   272.479096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   313.922661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.080137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   446.598903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   745.021651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.387129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.051436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.038455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.076641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.181890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.911128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          419                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             419                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2562                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2562                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2604                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2605                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1708                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3391                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.939019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.939019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.565566                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.565544                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.674039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.674039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        22216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         7191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 29407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       153152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       634048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       787240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       173760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       173800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 961040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           31129                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            51433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.598235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20664     40.18%     40.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30769     59.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              51433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       827456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       174824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1002280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       633024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       633024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1635304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            9206                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.218863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.413480                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32632     78.11%     78.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   9143     21.89%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7457                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.704182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.566196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.309376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.643475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.178706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.005223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.722887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.019336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.040217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.062826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.856511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       100505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       100505                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2588                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4976                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2590                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996785                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4921                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4921                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2627                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.901009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           70                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.579263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.457813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.365015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.649577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.365074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.950393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.533872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.161204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.246900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.220867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        46224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        46224                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          164                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999605                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2621                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.905344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.027470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.031454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.457813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.365015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.649577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.365074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.406814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.629595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.126966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.275426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.226850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        46168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        46168                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          891                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2559                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          156                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7448                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.786262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           55                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.615220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.314728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.653806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.175581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.025651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.788451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.019670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.040863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.064103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       100408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       100408                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4921                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          116                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1361                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3206                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4921                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2388                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2588                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4916                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33986                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8192                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28497                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4653                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              44090                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          44184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  302458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160669                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       113304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62747                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34190                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28557                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231436.826260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      71021.173740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2866      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96320     57.82%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35150     21.10%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28837     17.31%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166597                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37542                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23268                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23393                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522863634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38651                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24607                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3656337647.592215                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      866525986.407786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2818      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86818     63.89%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25657     18.88%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6420      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522863520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520512517.603580                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2351002.396420                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170834                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161855                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162007                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523270776                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433986                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171948                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83562                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88386                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1645926325.039844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2877344450.960156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636120                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363880                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9715      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256532     56.83%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85822     19.01%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88453     19.59%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5119                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5082                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3922                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           84                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2422                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2421                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5119                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              24514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       633408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       633408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       174440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              807848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        30258                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         46596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.640141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16768     35.99%     35.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29828     64.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           46596                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2021276000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2264013411000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               39833185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 39832872                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              658244618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 760228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   122314155                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122314155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       684864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       321024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1164800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         8064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        94912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       684864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       804736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2167232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2167232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        10701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         5016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              18200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        33863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             33863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3989559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2311411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     46956477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     13266867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    338827552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    158822447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8359076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      3736254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            576269644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3989559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     46956477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    338827552                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8359076                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       398132665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1072209832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1072209832                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1072209832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3989559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2311411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     46956477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     13266867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    338827552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    158822447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      8359076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      3736254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1648479475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        68032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       443072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1552960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2260928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        68032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       104064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      2192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2192768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        24265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              35327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        34262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             34262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       158316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     17826363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     72951937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     33657947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    219204107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      6459286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      768306753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1118564709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     17826363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     33657947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        51484310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1084843436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1084843436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1084843436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       158316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     17826363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     72951937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     33657947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    219204107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      6459286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     768306753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2203408144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     229     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     12.77%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.35%     53.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    260     46.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2189150500     98.25%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.24%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33388000      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228201000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.880769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.945035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  416     84.04%     84.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      1.21%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      73     14.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.835672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               5597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.542553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   451.835672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.882492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10751                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           29719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          29719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          146                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              36672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           143.811765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           202521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          202521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       701                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     178     45.64%     45.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.51%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.26%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    209     53.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 390                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      178     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.56%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     177     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1667096000     99.19%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13372000      0.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1680730500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.846890                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.917949                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.34%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.48%      4.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  364     86.87%     90.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.95%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.24%     92.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      23      5.49%     97.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.15%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   419                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65245000     50.73%     50.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63368000     49.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.034404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              91612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.577130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.034404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.972723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           198748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          198748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          598                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           90210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          90210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.058268                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.058268                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             439033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           155.795955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.035653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.958138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           523806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          523806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     13145                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    2646     36.71%     36.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     65      0.90%     37.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.03%     37.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     37.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   4493     62.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7207                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     2643     49.37%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      65      1.21%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.04%     50.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2642     49.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 5353                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1691182000     75.90%     75.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4647500      0.21%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     76.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              532206500     23.88%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228246000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.588026                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.742750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.11%     36.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        5     13.89%     52.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        8     22.22%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.78%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::92                        1      2.78%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.78%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.78%     97.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.78%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  346      3.88%      3.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.11%      4.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6719     75.35%     79.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    340      3.81%     83.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     420      4.71%     87.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  71      0.80%     88.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               1002     11.24%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  8917                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              765                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                349                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                348                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  349                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.454902                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.625673                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2639011000     87.74%     87.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           368616500     12.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     346                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            39956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.217809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             917201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            39956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.955276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    15.858375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   484.359434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.030973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.946015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1983822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1983822                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       563711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         563711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       343433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        343433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12648                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12648                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          907144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         907144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        28789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1338                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         39090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        39090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       592500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       592500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       353734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12799                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12746                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       946234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       946234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.104539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.104539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.007689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.007689                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            20928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            83284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3195486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            83284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.368546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    29.795814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   482.204186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.058195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.941805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6577188                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         6577188                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3163668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         3163668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        3163668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         83284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        83284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      3246952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        83284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            83284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       100                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      30     34.09%     34.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      2.27%     36.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.41%     39.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     53     60.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  88                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       30     46.88%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      3.12%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.69%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      29     45.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   64                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1882201500     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4785000      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1887436000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.547170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.727273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.19%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   80     85.11%     88.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      7.45%     95.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       4      4.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    94                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.982326                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.471136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.982326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.824184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.310345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.310345                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.094416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           44417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 427                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3559424                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        442                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3566220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                55755                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                55755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               501795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              501795                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17037                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8798                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          734                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8042                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6796                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1246                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        28288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       335232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       538464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  915318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           229505                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            247070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.044429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.229236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  237340     96.06%     96.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    8483      3.43%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1247      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              247070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        250282                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       124619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        31122                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           31169                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26826                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4343                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             115529                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        60647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            11921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          84269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       226401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       117323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 348487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9159488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3920138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       115136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        61108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                13255870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           184023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            435679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.223316                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.439785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  342733     78.67%     78.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   88599     20.34%     99.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4346      1.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              435679                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6726                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3769.293881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.641392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1636.878174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.081612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    79.516837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    45.433210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   870.015317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1131.368731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.399628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.019413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.011092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.212406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.276213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.920238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              139660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             139660                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          129                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          774                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          903                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1176                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              2295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2046                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2172                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           94                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1951                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2045                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6144                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.911555                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.494118                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.725532                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.706341                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.770492                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.623921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.629424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.494118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.725532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.739579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.728048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.494118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.776119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.725532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.739579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.728048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               25166                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3966.428202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                103991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               25166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.132202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1105.640982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.276073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.294049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.198190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1683.686921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   818.387357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   204.425406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   149.519223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.269932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.411056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.199802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.049909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.036504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1007                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1786421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1786421                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        60647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        60647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3788                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3811                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        71501                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          721                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        72222                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        23256                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        23486                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        71501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              99519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        71501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        27044                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          253                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             99519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           84                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           90                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11783                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        12047                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            25196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11783                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           25196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        60647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        60647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10099                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        84269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30150                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         124715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        124715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992188                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.624913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.883249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.629856                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.141480                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.268020                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142959                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.218365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.420655                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.221028                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.141480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.321389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.268020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.574074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.202029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.141480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.321389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.268020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.574074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8105                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8105                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             19802                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        62597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        18691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        13363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        20221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        43558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        47220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        93696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       167265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                234706                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       533312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       679222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1203968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1207870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1569472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                5455412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           80851                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           235938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.339560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.473561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 155823     66.04%     66.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  80115     33.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             235938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             21586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        20905                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        26786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        49231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        76017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        86564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        86564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                162581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       920384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1211262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2131646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3659584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      3659584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                5791230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          100317                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           207848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.482223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 107619     51.78%     51.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 100229     48.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             207848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        30845                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.778244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        30845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.466579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.372623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.141453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.388672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.408916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.904161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.023289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.024292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.025557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       499134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       499134                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        28734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4080                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        28734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1517                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2236                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981216                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        28728                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        28728                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        16839                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.892414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        16839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.329673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.875824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.776233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.772924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.137760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.145605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.554739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.236015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.008610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       252087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       252087                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           18                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1940                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        16287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5186                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        16287                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1945                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3260                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        16305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        16305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999720                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998816                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         2546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         2546                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        16817                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.887337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           68                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        16817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.004044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.201195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.903489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.814906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.829827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.137920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.137575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.556468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.238432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.051864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.008620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       251775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       251775                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1938                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1942                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        14335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        16277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        16277                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           55                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3246                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        14343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        16287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        10706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        16287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998969                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992126                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         2535                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         2535                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        30836                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.713811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        30836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.568565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.280826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.130341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.339888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.394190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.910535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.017552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       522624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       522624                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        28728                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28728                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1886                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        26270                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        28464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        28464                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        28728                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28728                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          115                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        26270                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1517                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2194                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        28464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        28464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        28717                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        28717                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19898                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31503                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11087                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 4456485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             101133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               101133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        97126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               97126                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       123733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        75256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                31650                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20042                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11608                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4345003.201551                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      111481.798449                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.025016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.974984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          454      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            64383     63.66%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              86      0.09%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21669     21.43%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11612     11.48%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2929      2.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            101133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               55664                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28506                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              40938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16400                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               96602                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           44906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             131107                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         131228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3361038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             260335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               260335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       251936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        28108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              251936                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       344910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       179915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                96936                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              55924                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             41012                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3144362.129465                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      216675.870535                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.064467                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.935533                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    36812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4602      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           153376     58.88%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             170      0.07%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           56942     21.86%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          41293     15.85%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4061      1.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            260493                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              602170                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1918                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          110637                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             366987                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  13                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              969157                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2235                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   25                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          176181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             832166                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1900                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         834066                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 4456744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            3244692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              3244692                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      3099119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         17954                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             118920                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       326713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             3099119                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                17954                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      4228946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      2352869                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        10116                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         9979                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               976269                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             607906                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            368363                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      875248.107507                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3581495.892493                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.803613                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.196387                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   479835                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        73301      2.26%      2.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          2088202     64.31%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            9773      0.30%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4613      0.14%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              5      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           1949      0.06%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            652      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          629779     19.40%     86.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         369513     11.38%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         69164      2.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           3246952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4133                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3610                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1228                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3774879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              21714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                21714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        20988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               20988                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        28863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        14821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7775                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4152                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3623                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3754607.436846                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      20271.563154                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.005370                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.994630                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          221      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            13105     60.35%     61.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              48      0.22%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4265     19.64%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3628     16.71%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           438      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             21716                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             681                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          17218                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31274                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11059                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          156                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           86                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          214                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         28217                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        28214                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        16537                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        86779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        86779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        49177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        49177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             135956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      3660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3660288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1209214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1209214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4869502                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       133493                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        221820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.598052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.490293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               89160     40.19%     40.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              132660     59.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          221820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.715642                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                715642047500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2979655458500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1694331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1694331                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227722156                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3142.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5324620867                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5324620867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9510784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      4622144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6801088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      3325120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6229888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3164288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8041088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      3920640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          45615040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9510784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6801088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6229888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      8041088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     30582848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      3684288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3684288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       148606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        72221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst       106267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        51955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        97342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        49442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst       125642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        61260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             712735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        57567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             57567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13289862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6458737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9503477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4646345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8705313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      4421607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     11236187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5478493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             63740022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     13289862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9503477                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      8705313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     11236187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        42734839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        5148227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5148227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        5148227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     13289862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6458737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9503477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4646345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      8705313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      4421607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     11236187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5478493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            68888250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3405632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    164027200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2954048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    166727744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2985536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    221101440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2756544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    175545152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      7507968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         747011264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3405632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2954048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2985536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2756544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total     12101760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    476950016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      476950016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      2562925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      2605121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        46649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      3454710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        43071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      2742893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       117312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           11672051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      7452344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           7452344                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4758848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    229202854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4127829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    232976450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4171829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    308955351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3851847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    245297426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       10491234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1043833669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4758848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4127829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4171829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3851847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        16910353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      666464495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           666464495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      666464495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4758848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    229202854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4127829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    232976450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      4171829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    308955351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3851847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    245297426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      10491234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1710298164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     291                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    161872                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   12178     34.17%     34.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.06%     34.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.06%     36.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    678      1.90%     38.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  22031     61.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               35640                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    12178     47.47%     47.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.08%     47.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.86%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     678      2.64%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12044     46.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                25653                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713392254500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               91692500      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2117244000      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715638608000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.546684                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.719781                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.68%      0.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.36%      2.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      1.36%      3.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       24     16.33%     19.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      118     80.27%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   147                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  834      1.14%      1.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1832      2.50%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                29528     40.31%     43.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1744      2.38%     46.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4683      6.39%     52.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                2770      3.78%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              31856     43.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 73253                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6512                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4437                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4438                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.681357                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.810502                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       87584536000     12.20%     12.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        630305994500     87.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1832                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4864129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.048005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          267856554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4864129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.067732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   506.048005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.988375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        550335269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       550335269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    211865792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211865792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     55864790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55864790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        44256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267730582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       267730582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267730582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      267730582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3692261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3692261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1194852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1194852                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11521                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11521                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9939                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9939                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4887113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4887113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4887113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4887113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    215558053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215558053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     57059642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57059642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    272617695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    272617695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.210884                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.210884                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.183393                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.183393                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2717332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2717332                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           397518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1266879069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           397518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3186.972839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537642462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537642462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268224954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1268224954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1268224954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       397518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        397518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       397518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       397518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           397518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     363                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    132912                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    6985     32.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      3.41%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    452      2.10%     37.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  13335     62.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               21505                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     6985     46.79%     46.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      4.91%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     452      3.03%     54.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    6759     45.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                14929                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            714814489500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               72303000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              923430500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846140000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.506862                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.694211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.33%      0.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      292     95.74%     96.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       11      3.61%     99.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                        1      0.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   305                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  571      1.12%      1.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  683      1.33%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                17984     35.12%     37.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1687      3.29%     40.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2342      4.57%     45.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 810      1.58%     47.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     47.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              27125     52.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51208                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2526                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               2019                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                499                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               2171                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 2019                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  152                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.859462                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.304609                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.860825                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1940492500      0.27%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        627643936500     87.52%     87.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         87582375000     12.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     683                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          4795671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.298497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          265519794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4795671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.366557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.298497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        545520182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       545520182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    210271145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      210271145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     55220356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55220356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        22461                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265491501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       265491501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265491501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      265491501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3645073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3645073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1165580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1165580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         3539                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4810653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4810653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4810653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4810653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    213916218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213916218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     56385936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56385936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270302154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    270302154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270302154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    270302154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020671                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020671                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.236104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.236104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.136115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.136115                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2672576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2672576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           260172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1258044390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           260172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4835.433444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2519054178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2519054178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1259136831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1259136831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1259136831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       260172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        260172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       260172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       260172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           260172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     391                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    629412                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8467     30.35%     30.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    118      0.42%     30.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.63%     33.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    696      2.49%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  17888     64.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               27902                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8467     46.05%     46.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     118      0.64%     46.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      3.99%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     696      3.79%     54.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8371     45.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                18385                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713789514500     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8437000      0.00%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               99930500      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1624291500      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715558090500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.467967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.658913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      2.13%      2.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      2.13%      4.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        8     17.02%     21.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.13%     23.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     17.02%     40.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       28     59.57%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    47                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  344      0.58%      0.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  939      1.59%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                23737     40.07%     42.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1791      3.02%     45.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2744      4.63%     49.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 588      0.99%     50.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     50.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              29090     49.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 59241                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3684                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2466                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2467                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2466                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.669653                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.802114                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       15535297500      2.17%      2.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        700018917000     97.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     939                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5734342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.544033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          303418645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5734342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.912548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.544033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        624112264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       624112264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    235771147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      235771147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67580240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      67580240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30484                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32772                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303351387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       303351387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303351387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      303351387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4526177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4526177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1226014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1226014                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7818                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7818                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5451                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5451                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5752191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5752191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5752191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5752191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    240297324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    240297324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     68806254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     68806254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        38223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    309103578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    309103578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017818                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.204115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.204115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.142610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142610                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3542743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3542743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           288381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1402135014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           288381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4862.092211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2812928913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2812928913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1406031885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1406031885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1406031885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       288381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        288381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       288381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       288381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           288381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     393                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    161588                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   15911     39.23%     39.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      1.81%     41.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    868      2.14%     43.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  23045     56.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               40557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    15911     47.52%     47.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.19%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     868      2.59%     52.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   15970     47.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                33482                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713999813000     99.74%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               97302000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1713207000      0.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846239000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.692992                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.825554                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      1.97%      1.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        19     12.50%     14.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        8      5.26%     19.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.32%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.97%     23.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       39     25.66%     48.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       78     51.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   152                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  510      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1095      1.45%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                36304     47.95%     50.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4919      6.50%     56.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2953      3.90%     60.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 923      1.22%     61.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     61.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              29002     38.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 75714                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4048                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2621                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2621                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2621                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.647480                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.786025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       91241196500     12.71%     12.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        626487177500     87.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1095                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          5054634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.793870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          268943745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5054634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.207363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.793870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        553127389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       553127389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    211854480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211854480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     56960149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      56960149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        62161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        66337                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        66337                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268814629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       268814629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268814629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      268814629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3768570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3768570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1300960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1300960                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10530                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10530                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5297                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5297                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5069530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       5069530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5069530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      5069530                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    215623050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215623050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     58261109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     58261109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        72691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        71634                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71634                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    273884159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    273884159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.073945                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.073945                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2841109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2841109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           344027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1268159524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           344027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3686.220919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537834727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537834727                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268401323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1268401323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1268401323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       344027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        344027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       344027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       344027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           344027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 914                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7507968                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              126860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             126860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        15648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        21718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  256818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        62592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        66247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7576119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117550                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057950                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20704134                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10355354                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       435404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         6866121                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      6572401                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       293720                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            8013028                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5389908                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       414206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4092142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            21803                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          13478                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           35281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2338629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2338629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         657690                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7355044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1060842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14602799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       668744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14347017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               30679402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     42452736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    486390617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     26148608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    478991856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1033983817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         32097673                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          52778253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.152208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.374400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                45038768     85.34%     85.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 7445711     14.11%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  293755      0.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                      16      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            52778253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      22904609                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11452451                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       415910                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1509239                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1071989                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       437250                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            8946520                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6383852                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       415647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4216269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            17590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          10748                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           28338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2509384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2509384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         632408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8313095                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       759593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     17175290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       920870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     15138325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               33994078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     30157568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    594885102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     36917952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    506353040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1168313662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         19145905                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          42023830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.066180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.287433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                39680101     94.42%     94.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1906361      4.54%     98.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  437340      1.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                      28      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            42023830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             6030080                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3965.565189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              11744122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             6030080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.947590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1707.825518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.100927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.405581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   119.945661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   968.681640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   158.176537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1010.429327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.416950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.029284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.236495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.246687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.968156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          520                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.963867                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           170481360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          170481360                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5389908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5389908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       414206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       414206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          484                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          303                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            787                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          236                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          331                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27368                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        19047                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           46415                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       195699                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       107748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       303447                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2188542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2118691                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4307233                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       195699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2215910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       107748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2137738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4657095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       195699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2215910                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       107748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2137738                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4657095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12314                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3520                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        15834                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7266                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1780                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9046                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1150674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1140616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2291290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       201819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       152424                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       354243                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1506897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1527360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3034257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       201819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2657571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       152424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2667976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          5679790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       201819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2657571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       152424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2667976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         5679790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5389908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5389908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       414206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       414206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12798                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3823                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1875                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9377                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1178042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1159663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2337705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       657690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3695439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3646051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7341490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4873481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       10336885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4873481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      10336885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.962182                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.920743                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.952650                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.968542                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.949333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964701                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.976768                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.983575                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980145                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.507698                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.585859                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.538617                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.407772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.418908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.413303                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.507698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.545313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.585859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.555167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.549468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.507698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.545313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.585859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.555167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.549468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        3240123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             3240123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             6925503                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4007.631948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              12992073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             6925503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.875975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1619.312417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.019132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.006948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.019132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    86.498399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1258.511295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    78.770446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   964.494177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.395340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.021118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.307254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.235472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.978426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954590                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           189322423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          189322423                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6383852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6383852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       415647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       415647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            194                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        33245                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           63441                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       144345                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       175263                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       319608                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2200494                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2213013                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      4413507                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       144345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2230690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       175263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2246258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            4796556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       144345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2230690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       175263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2246258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           4796556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6008                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7432                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13440                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3970                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3800                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         7770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1187392                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1257433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       2444825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       144036                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168764                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       312800                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2328755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1561083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3889838                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       144036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3516147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2818516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          6647463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       144036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3516147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       168764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2818516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         6647463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6383852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6383852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       415647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       415647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6080                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13634                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4003                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3829                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         7832                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1217588                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1290678                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2508266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       632408                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4529249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3774096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8303345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       11444019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      11444019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.983850                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985771                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991756                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992426                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992084                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.975200                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.974242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.974707                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.499464                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.490555                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.494617                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.514159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.413631                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.468466                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.499464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.611840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.490555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.556494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.580868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.499464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.611840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.490555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.556494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.580868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        4163615                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             4163615                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           3727590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3382248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2345304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           26336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          32267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2296995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2295830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3726279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1008653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     15865221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     16883732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       857756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       869616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       352566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       352566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              18105914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     26843968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    544002240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    570879497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     23509440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        32958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     23542398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      7523200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7523200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              601945095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        25218240                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         37297271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.675468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.468200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               12104176     32.45%     32.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               25193095     67.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           37297271                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           7201257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7478585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4084428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           31357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         17828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          36235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4849202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4847362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7200240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     18759781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       970969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     19730750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     16026587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     16026587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              35757337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    668195648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     23731774                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    691927422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    557781504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    557781504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             1249708926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                         1427469                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         25375204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.055746                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.229430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               23960639     94.43%     94.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                1414565      5.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           25375204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      6314583                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.508252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        14255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      6314583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.002257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.341845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.072744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.608353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.058376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.426702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.521365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.225522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.214169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     94899237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     94899237                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3324681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3324681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           97                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2159                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4668                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         4902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2296                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2606                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         4902                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7496                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2703                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        10199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1147150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1138433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2285583                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1430023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1472728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3002275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2577173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2611161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      5287858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2577173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2611161                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      5287858                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3324681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3324681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7496                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2703                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        10199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1147287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1138530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2285817                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1432182                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1475237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3006943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2579469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2613767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      5292760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2579469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2613767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      5292760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998493                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998448                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      3319771                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      3319771                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       357684                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.894840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         6824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       357684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.019078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.032002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.601509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.555368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.536014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.169948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.252000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.225094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.159711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.221001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.135622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      5209776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      5209776                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        26241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          335                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           37                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          792                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2154                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2910                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        63200                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       338197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        66110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       343261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        54140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        66110                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       343261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        26241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3568                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2983                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        52301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        63520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       338896                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        66503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       344053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        66503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       344053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990800                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.975528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.981966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994962                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        25562                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        25562                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       356499                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.876530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         6397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       356499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.017944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.136443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.152513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.064181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.114770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.408623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.133528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.259532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.191511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.257173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.150539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      5195605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      5195605                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          316                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          313                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           13                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          739                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1566                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2002                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1643                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3378                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4981                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51670                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        62887                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       337541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        53796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        65742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       342522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        97342                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        53796                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       125642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        65742                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       342522                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1566                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3568                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1644                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1735                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3379                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5064                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        63200                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       338197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        66110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       343261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        97355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        54140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       125656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        66110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       343261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999392                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987001                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.981100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.983610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999866                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995047                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        24813                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        24813                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      6305135                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.496810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        14162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      6305135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.002246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.387996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.073549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.602457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.372737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.524250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.225154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.210796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     94928289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     94928289                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3319771                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3319771                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2477                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total         4795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2286                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2509                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total         4795                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        10205                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1147058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1138397                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      2402767                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1427827                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1470251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2997602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2574885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2608648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      5400369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2574885                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2608648                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      5400369                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3319771                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3319771                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2707                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        10205                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3783                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          807                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4590                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1147148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1138429                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2402889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1430023                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1472728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3002275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2577171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2611157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      5405164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2577171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        46157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2611157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      5405164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998464                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      3314970                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      3314970                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           215560275                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             64159                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       214016933                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           57113589                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            12142                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       55866466                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           272673864                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             76301                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       269883399                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1261168167                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            10889                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1261179056                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1431284386                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1268546171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1268546171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1040127684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     218410881                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2856217                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     87411310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1040127684                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            218410881                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1705498136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    837000944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    246328638                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    178041228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            272810544                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          215677074                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          57133470                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      162651058.068992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1268633327.931008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.886360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.113640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                108550219                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     82339665      6.49%      6.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        751368664     59.23%     65.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        25234245      1.99%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       84373914      6.65%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        7865300      0.62%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2416612      0.19%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      36547217      2.88%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        4506669      0.36%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       215769648     17.01%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       57137926      4.50%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1062612      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1268622472                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           213903357                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             58373                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       213150943                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           56412605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            12054                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       55739486                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           270315962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             70427                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       268890429                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1255606016                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            10098                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1255616114                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1431692643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1259326576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1259326576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1032202054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     217131126                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2637150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     86769832                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1032202054                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            217131126                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1693082333                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    830720144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    244745200                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    177072530                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            270429326                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          214000868                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          56428458                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      171926417.946888                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1259766225.053112                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.879914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.120086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                107500017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     82063712      6.52%      6.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        746109932     59.24%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        24974507      1.98%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       83878136      6.66%     74.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        7792607      0.62%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        2390978      0.19%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      36351585      2.89%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        4449743      0.35%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       214055072     17.00%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       56429862      4.48%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        900869      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1259397003                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           240240514                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            538662                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       239620756                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           68845447                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            19248                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       67682713                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           309085961                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            557910                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       307303469                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1400443797                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses            10840                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1400454637                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1431116621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1405762356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1405762356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1137782529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     267704617                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5718521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     94715309                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1137782529                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            267704617                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1881915904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    900852926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    300922134                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    217673298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            309744336                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          240875177                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          68869159                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      24950433.403732                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1406166187.596268                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.982566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.017434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                119876450                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     93315460      6.64%      6.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        807232458     57.40%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        25838056      1.84%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      101252544      7.20%     73.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       10797061      0.77%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3199375      0.23%     74.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      42596534      3.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6459907      0.46%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       240942805     17.13%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       68872212      4.90%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       5813854      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1406320266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           215651176                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             61314                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       213539725                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           58332940                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            12427                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       55810448                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           273984116                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             73741                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       269350173                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         1253521172                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses            10833                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     1253532005                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1431692871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1268671609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1268671609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   1042008020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     216310425                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            2884901                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     88077179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          1042008020                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            216310425                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1704647723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    837382776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    243693482                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    176421612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            274107645                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          215757183                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          58350462                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      162574723.229040                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1269118147.770960                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.886446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.113554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                109044041                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     82044988      6.47%      6.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        752323404     59.30%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        24832559      1.96%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       83557881      6.59%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        7752668      0.61%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        2373257      0.19%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      36172533      2.85%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        4427401      0.35%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       215880455     17.02%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       58354138      4.60%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1026066      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1268745350                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3341489                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3345333                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      2263965                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        18610                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12030                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        21742                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       2408916                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2407953                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3340472                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     16202778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     16202778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       968575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       968575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           17171353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    558395840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    558395840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     23637630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     23637630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           582033470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     19973777                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      31330649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.636290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.481066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1            11395256     36.37%     36.37% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            19935393     63.63%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        31330649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   940470500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2980595929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             3794174204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               3794108985                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              669887372                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5326550465                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5326550465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       238080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       169664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        31040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        11840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       124352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        71360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            646656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       238080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        31040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       124352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       393600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       172544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         172544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    253149886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    180403319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     33004757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     12589443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    132223180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     75876915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       204153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            687587755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    253149886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     33004757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    132223180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       418513925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      183465616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           183465616                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      183465616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    253149886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    180403319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     33004757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     12589443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    132223180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     75876915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       136102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       204153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           871053372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        67648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       358528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       548160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1053952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        67648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       546496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         546496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         5602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         8565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              16468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         8539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     71929954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    381221952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3470603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     78258701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2858144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    582857198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        68051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1120664604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     71929954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3470603                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2858144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        78258701                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      581087870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           581087870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      581087870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     71929954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    381221952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3470603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     78258701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2858144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    582857198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        68051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1701752474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4247                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1124     45.90%     45.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      3.76%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     49.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1231     50.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2449                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1124     48.01%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.93%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.04%     51.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     52.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1123     47.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2341                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               629096500     76.92%     76.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.84%     77.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     77.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     77.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              181607000     22.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           817817000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912266                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.955900                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     29.41%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     52.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     11.76%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      5.88%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      5.88%     82.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2     11.76%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   27      0.85%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2210     69.98%     70.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.32%     71.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     145      4.59%     75.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.89%     76.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.16%     76.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                729     23.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3158                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 51                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   51                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.459821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         456039000     68.53%     68.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           209449500     31.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      27                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.964242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             401278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.199756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   495.964242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.968680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           792319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          792319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       130757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130757                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          360615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         360615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3787                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           32                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028147                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004470                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004470                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             8915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.950263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2773521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           294.210353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.950263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2665762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2665762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       801                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      96     45.07%     45.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.47%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.41%     46.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    113     53.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 213                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       96     49.23%     49.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.51%     49.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.54%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      95     48.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  195                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               944704500     99.36%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.04%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5636500      0.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           950751000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.840708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.915493                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.14%     20.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.74%     22.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  140     48.61%     70.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      1.04%     71.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      70     24.31%     96.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.12%     99.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   288                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.200000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.697436                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58426500      5.42%      5.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.76%      6.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1010888500     93.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.269880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              62510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.132943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   419.269880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.818886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1282228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           693.846320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1245                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     263     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.19%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    269     50.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      261     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.19%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     50.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     260     49.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  523                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1008761000     98.49%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15314500      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1024236500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992395                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.966543                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      8.70%      9.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  431     70.77%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.49%     80.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.16%     80.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     101     16.58%     97.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.46%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   609                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              153                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.633987                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.776892                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         952599500     92.66%     92.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75513000      7.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.403701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             191917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.417925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   445.403701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.869929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           364406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          364406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        78442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1217                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          160233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         160233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.067433                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067433                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            4375548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           865.245798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           933621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          933621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                       4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               949829000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 563500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           950606000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          402.527894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              20823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.529563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   402.527894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.786187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             255109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           496.321012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses             3858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses            3858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total            1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total           1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         53658                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        26948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           12894                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12473                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          421                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              23213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4873                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          10256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        25661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        44887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  80530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1071424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1536648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       148544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       210336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2966952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            57253                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            111725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.163016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.379635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   93941     84.08%     84.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   17355     15.53%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     429      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              111725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35049                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1164                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8456                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7255                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1201                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8332                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  51607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       538048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1362280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1901176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            48134                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             83090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.139909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.386322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   72666     87.45%     87.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9223     11.10%     98.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    1201      1.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               83090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               15738                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3908.664684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 48616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               19181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.534592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1054.450047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1099.016264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1348.477695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   198.016789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   208.703889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.257434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.268315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.329218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.048344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.050953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.840576                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              430744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             430744                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10663                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10663                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             83                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1184                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          800                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4943                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4855                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5594                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              11721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         4143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             11721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           91                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          3005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4777                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5883                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6686                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            15004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           15004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10663                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10663                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        10256                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10738                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          26725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         26725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.535294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.556150                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.958333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.688061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.885668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.717355                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.535538                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.401198                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.518038                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.547867                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.520752                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.544463                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.535538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.582832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.401198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.625520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.561422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.535538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.582832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.401198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.625520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           6777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                6777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11772                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3897.598954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 25651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               15806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.622865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1525.090129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   228.353286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   429.945483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   747.984301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   966.225755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.055750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.104967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.182613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.235895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.951562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              290127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             290127                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8332                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8332                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2561                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2485                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2486                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2924                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1985                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            12011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10019                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           12011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8332                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8332                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4548                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6016                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.936625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.936625                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.436648                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.436895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.586935                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.587180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.436648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.774086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.686461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.436648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.774086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.686461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4493                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4493                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             15479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        19967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        45160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         9069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 54229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       611456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       782016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1395752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       215232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       215288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1611040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           35425                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            71557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.490350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  36469     50.96%     50.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  35088     49.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              71557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8759                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         9535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        34690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        23080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        23080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 57770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       839872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       215416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1055288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       779008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       779008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1834296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           21087                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            58825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.357501                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.479268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  37795     64.25%     64.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  21030     35.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              58825                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         9423                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.573000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           57                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         9439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.550889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.751297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.738710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.068130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.463974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.659431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.046956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.233669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.028998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       133978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       133978                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2188                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3456                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5178                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         7908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5644                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         7908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3462                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         7917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         7917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998631                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998267                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4280                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4280                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         3070                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.771905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         3086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.023655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.090693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.475743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.204961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.193168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.342234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.387810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        53676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        53676                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          220                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2929                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         3144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         3144                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          220                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          982                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         3145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         3145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998982                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999659                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         3069                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.756083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           75                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         3085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.024311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.951470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.495128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.308972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.000231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.121967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.405946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.394311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        53675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        53675                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          221                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          221                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          980                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         3142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1194                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         3142                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          221                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          221                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          981                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2929                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         3144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         3144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998981                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999659                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          221                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         9402                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.605759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         9418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.005309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.288835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.748487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.046371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.066022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.456045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.643052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.046780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.252898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.028503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       133698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       133698                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2187                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3455                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         7906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         7906                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           88                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3456                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5178                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         7908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         7908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999543                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999711                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4266                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4266                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              246644                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               457                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           83474                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             142153                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               66                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          50181                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              388797                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          133655                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             443675                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              460                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         444135                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1628680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1327886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1327886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1267033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          9362                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              47977                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       151034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1267033                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 9362                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1709573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       956775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6103                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               390590                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             248275                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            142315                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      478022.617648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1150657.382352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.706497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.293503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   212853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        28413      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           870834     65.55%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1965      0.15%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2975      0.22%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           1718      0.13%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            587      0.04%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          259559     19.54%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         142615     10.74%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         19753      1.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1328421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23801                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13855                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37656                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23382                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23507                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1901505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130387                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       173052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38767                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24690                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14077                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1763779.555712                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      137725.444288                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.072430                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.927570                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2824      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86914     63.85%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              83      0.06%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25740     18.91%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14087     10.35%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6439      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            136114                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               85143                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34065                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              90057                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              175200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             162180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162332                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2048806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             464055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               464055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       446856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8947                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47812                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              446856                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       642832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       304622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               176314                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              85982                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             90332                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1542646.813926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      506159.186074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.247051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.752949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    59743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9766      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           265000     57.05%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             540      0.12%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.25%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           88283     19.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          90399     19.46%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9150      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            464537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                 429                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                246                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1901214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts               1928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                 1928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses         1838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts          144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                1838                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads         2463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes         1434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  677                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                429                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts               248                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1899267.241351                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles       1946.758649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001024                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998976                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                      263                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu             1124     58.30%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead             448     23.24%     82.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite            248     12.86%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            94      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total              1928                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8107                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4501                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5732                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          162                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           91                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          193                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2948                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2945                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8107                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        23266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        23266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         9534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         9534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              32800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       780032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       780032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       215416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       215416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              995448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        44022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         65173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.669372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.470443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               21548     33.06%     33.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               43625     66.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           65173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
