
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354574000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261608473000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              111633989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                111631196                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              335797482                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 782060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117870662                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117870662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        79360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        23104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         9536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        49792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            286016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        79360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       203584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        16768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          16768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               262                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    223817877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     65159882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     70394332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     26894245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    279952845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    140427668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            806646849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    223817877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     70394332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    279952845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       574165054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       47290551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            47290551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       47290551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    223817877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     65159882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     70394332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     26894245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    279952845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    140427668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           853937401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       166464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        70976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       565504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            843136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       585664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         585664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         9151                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9151                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     96927581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    469476047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9024914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    200172601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7400430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1594882874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2377884447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     96927581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9024914                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7400430                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       113352925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1651739834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1651739834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1651739834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     96927581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    469476047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9024914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    200172601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7400430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1594882874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4029624282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138980500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151240000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61998000     75.52%     75.52% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.48%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.415930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.923751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.623002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.792928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5030                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077674                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.055646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.055646                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.258259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.619302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.352661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351623500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357409500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018495500     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.274797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.334762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   369.940035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.423790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.380093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357146000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357310500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.198517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.049323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551095000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560528000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         510003000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.432151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.339940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.092211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080023                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8207                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.433734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.437475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22112                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6865                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6592                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          273                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4100                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             55                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       523792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1164264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            43464                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             65455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.152257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.371112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   55771     85.21%     85.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9403     14.37%     99.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     280      0.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               65455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34381                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17068                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7887                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7132                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          755                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1349024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1841640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31116                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.169112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54884     84.25%     84.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9507     14.59%     98.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     755      1.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65146                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8213                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3902.718126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  9975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.214538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1292.509349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    83.933946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   234.342557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    19.481569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    24.078885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   703.964546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   838.608109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   248.512300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   457.286866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.315554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.020492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.057213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.004756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.005879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.171866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.204738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.060672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.111642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.952812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.932861                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177149                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          224                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             306                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          706                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          829                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1535                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1203                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          776                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3820                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2412                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1777                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          440                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2217                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1727                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1777                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.892359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.871272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.887417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.715667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346730                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.590885                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.589420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.502883                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.559341                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.715667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.715227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.651492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.715667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.715227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.346730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10971                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3748.042983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 28562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.603409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1257.410565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   375.514739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   335.381561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   264.595101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   335.854660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.007054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   398.041118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   781.238186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.306985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.091678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.081880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.064598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.081996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.097178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.190732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283631                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2679                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2585                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2586                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2963                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1592                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1592                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11496                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987654                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.372746                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.372746                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.568807                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.568784                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.372746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.670751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.372746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.769703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.670751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4342                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         6805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 28549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       146368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       594176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       740584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       164288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       164328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 904912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           30277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.599780                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.489948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20015     40.02%     40.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  29995     59.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       889280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       165480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1054760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       593344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       593344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1648104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8645                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.208167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.406002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32637     79.18%     79.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8580     20.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41217                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6860                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.773446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           51                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.915001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.379976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.669554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.184942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.622011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.682188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.041847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.101376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        98937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        98937                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1364                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2586                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999267                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4321                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4321                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2460                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.872988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2460                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.034146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.072890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.822526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.553244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.082881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.611785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.113908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.255180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.225737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        43709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        43709                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          827                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2416                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          828                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2379                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998792                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999580                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          161                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2457                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.862460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.034188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.658642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.550054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.551910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.477366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.894875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.103665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.159378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.279835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.243430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        43639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        43639                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          825                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2376                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          863                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2414                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          827                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2378                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997582                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          153                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6855                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.753125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           46                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.006710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.961568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.359241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.658819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.170843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.601054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.747598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.022453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.041176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.100066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        98850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        98850                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1825                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2585                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1825                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1363                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2585                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4318                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4318                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33936                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28440                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4596                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62376                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12737                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17165                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160248                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221002                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112999                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62640                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34140                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28500                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231032.165513                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70753.834487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234450                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765550                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96001     57.77%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35100     21.12%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28780     17.32%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166167                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522809868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655498122.913180                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867311745.086820                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191764                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808236                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522809754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520456342.872112                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353411.127888                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523216947                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644767887.613821                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878449059.386179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636372                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363628                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4963                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4482                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4279                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          116                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          101                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2406                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2406                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4963                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              23926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       593536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       593536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       164968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       164968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              758504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        29604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.641459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16352     35.85%     35.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29255     64.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017011                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17010581500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2278975580000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3853560                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3853558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              431170533                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    39.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   152030793                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     152030793                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        92736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1868224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1467328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        11392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3509952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        92736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1868224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1998208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2332096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2332096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        29191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        22927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              54843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        36439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             36439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       650889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       368712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5451665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1572668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    109827168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     86259720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1538807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       669701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            206339331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       650889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5451665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    109827168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1538807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       117468530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      137096783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           137096783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      137096783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       650889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       368712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5451665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1572668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    109827168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     86259720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1538807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       669701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           343436114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       168960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     11266496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        20800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      6610752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          18195200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        85504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       120768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     13201600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13201600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       176039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       103293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             284300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       206275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            206275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       436434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2073063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      9932641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5026518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    662322802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1222768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      388625868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1069640094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2073063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5026518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7099581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      776081641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           776081641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      776081641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       436434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2073063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      9932641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      5026518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    662322802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1222768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     388625868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1845721735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1025                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     365     36.87%     36.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     71      7.17%     44.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      1.72%     45.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.10%     45.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    536     54.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 990                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      365     44.57%     44.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      71      8.67%     53.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      2.08%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.12%     55.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     365     44.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  819                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             17165062000     99.70%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5325000      0.03%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               46064000      0.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17217448500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680970                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.827273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  814     86.97%     86.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     35      3.74%     90.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      87      9.29%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   936                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               89                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          469.700300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              17723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.365031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   469.700300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.917383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            89483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           89483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        27445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        15362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15362                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        42807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           42807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        42807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          42807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          639                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          564                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        43314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        43314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        43314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056338                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.088652                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.088652                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              81891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           142.419130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           282617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          282617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       140446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         140446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       140446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          140446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       140446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         140446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       141021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       141021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       141021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1037                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     268     38.45%     38.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      2.44%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.14%     41.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    411     58.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 697                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      268     48.46%     48.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      3.07%     51.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     51.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     267     48.28%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  553                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16333021000     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22165500      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16356184000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.649635                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.793400                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.89%      2.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.27%      2.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  641     86.50%     88.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     34      4.59%     93.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.13%     93.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      38      5.13%     98.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.21%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   741                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 19                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.052632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.575342                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65221000     43.51%     43.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            84678000     56.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          492.141508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             106765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.749353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   492.141508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.961214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           247877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          247877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        67331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          67331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        46908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         46908                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          114239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       114239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         114239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5539                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        70579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        49199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          703                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          703                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       119778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       119778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       119778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.162162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.162162                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.082976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.082976                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2966                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             502849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           169.537761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.004957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.994168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           667440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          667440                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         329268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          329268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       329268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         329268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       332236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       332236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       332236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       332236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2966                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     410                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     61696                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6511     40.31%     40.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.74%     41.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      0.11%     41.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     41.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   9504     58.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               16152                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6140     49.45%     49.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.96%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      0.14%     50.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    6139     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                12416                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16086678000     93.43%     93.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.05%     93.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.00%     93.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     93.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1121386000      6.51%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         17217517500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.943020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645939                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768697                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       397     88.03%     88.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      0.67%     88.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         6      1.33%     90.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       17      3.77%     93.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        6      1.33%     95.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.22%     95.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.22%     95.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.22%     95.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       10      2.22%     98.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.11%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.44%     99.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.22%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   451                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  347      0.63%      0.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      0.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                14491     26.42%     27.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    628      1.14%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     28.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1524      2.78%     31.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 475      0.87%     31.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     31.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              37367     68.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 54850                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1870                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1038                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1037                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1038                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.554545                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.713549                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6907416500     38.38%     38.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         11088751000     61.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     347                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           316387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.204042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            8804487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           316387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.828220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2.157462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.046580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.004214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.992278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18631422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18631422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      4721251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4721251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3909102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3909102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       103076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       103076                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       106824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       106824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8630353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         8630353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      8630353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        8630353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       185799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       127221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       127221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          121                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       313020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        313020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       313020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       313020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4907050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4907050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4036323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4036323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       107005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       107005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       106945                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8943373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8943373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8943373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8943373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031519                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036718                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.036718                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001131                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001131                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       174371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           174371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           214596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           32674468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           214596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           152.260378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     4.035544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   507.964456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.007882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.992118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         65968402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        65968402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       32662307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        32662307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     32662307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       32662307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       214596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        214596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       214596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32876903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     32876903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     32876903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     32876903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       214596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           214596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      22                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       485                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     144     32.51%     32.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     17      3.84%     36.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.68%     37.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    279     62.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 443                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      144     46.91%     46.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      17      5.54%     52.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.98%     53.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     143     46.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  307                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             16547615500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 833000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14022000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         16562822000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.512545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.693002                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.65%      0.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  405     87.28%     87.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     37      7.97%     95.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      19      4.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   464                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.550227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               4476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.286517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   443.550227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.866309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            37544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           37544                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        10219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          10219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6818                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           87                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           17037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        17037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          17037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           36                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          995                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         7135                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        18032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        18032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        18032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.062219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.288889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.288889                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.292683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.292683                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.055180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              64380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.309278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           108320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          108320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           52414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        52414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          52414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        53578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        53578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        53578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.021725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1014                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  8372224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1030                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1953                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1953                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              133243                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             133243                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       262226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  270392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      8374600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  8383611                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               131113                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               131113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1180017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1180017                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              297                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       130816                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               130816                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         19120                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         9913                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1063                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           15449                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        10456                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4993                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               7725                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1994                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              230                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            108                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3543                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3754                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  29486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        59136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40379                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       352192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       561944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1013651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           940892                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            960367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.023814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.183431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  942491     98.14%     98.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   12882      1.34%     99.48% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    4994      0.52%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              960367                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1066759                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       532850                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        60317                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          132163                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       101437                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        30726                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             407433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       174711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       178103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           119917                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            157                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            127295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           127295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         215760                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       606388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       934724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                1547197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     25074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31440244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       132544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        83628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                56731104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           630596                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           1700211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.166519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.418263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 1447825     85.16%     85.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  221656     13.04%     98.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   30728      1.81%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             1700211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7180                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3935.795292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  7358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.024791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1233.469161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    33.029331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    36.221771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     5.022753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    11.008206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   148.451206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   146.340823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   985.119767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1337.132272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.301140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.008064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.008843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.036243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.035728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.240508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.326448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.960888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3939                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.961670                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              154329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             154329                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2884                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2884                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             244                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          402                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          968                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1424                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          225                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1923                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1963                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2884                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2884                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           92                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3543                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          368                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           9435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          9435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.979167                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989899                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892343                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889443                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.300870                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673854                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.613322                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.603261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.614712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.613569                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.300870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.623810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.678007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.300870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.623810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.724050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.678007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              243909                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3984.797298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                547525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              243909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.244792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1161.820628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     4.025522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     8.076909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.025672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.711948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   656.718067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2084.499064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    33.547771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    32.371716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.283648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.160332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.508911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             8418604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            8418604                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       174711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       174711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       178103                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       178103                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        29324                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           29347                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       184017                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          755                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       184772                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        86555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        86820                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       184017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       115879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             300939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       184017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       115879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            300939                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        97686                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         97894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30579                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        30988                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       102572                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          390                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       102962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       200258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           231844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        30579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       200258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          598                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          231844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       174711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       174711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       178103                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       178103                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       127010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       127241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       215760                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       189127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       189782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       316137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         532783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       316137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        532783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981013                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990385                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992248                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.769121                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.900433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.769359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.142496                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.351375                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.143623                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.542345                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.595420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.542528                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.142496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.633453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.351375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.674944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.435157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.142496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.633453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.351375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.674944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.435157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         108478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              108478                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             52421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       143615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           28102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            493                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        50765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       130816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        13884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       140991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       147657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        82368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       310971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       393339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                562138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       149696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       509504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2003                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       661203                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3967424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      3974432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1757184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      6634048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      8391232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               13026867                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          575669                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           947222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.607210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 372059     39.28%     39.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 575163     60.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             947222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            137687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       215645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          109242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           171                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           203154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          203100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       136459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       533337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       154071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       687408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       324355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       324355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1011763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     17745408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      4038496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     21783904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     13756160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     13756160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               35540064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          169538                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           839145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.201850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.401381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 669764     79.82%     79.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 169381     20.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             839145                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       109592                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.918662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       109592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.023847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.687199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.027644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.117565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.062408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.876490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.105450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.007348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.003901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      1847029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      1847029                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       107176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           29                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1904                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4413                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       103360                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.988574                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.905724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       107170                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       107170                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        55256                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.789050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        55256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.009791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.646487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.024417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.824626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.208932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.084587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.352905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.251526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.364039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.005287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       811277                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       811277                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          127                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          307                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        46179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        53315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23450                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        53315                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29208                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16487                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        46359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        53622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        53622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990174                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988235                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996117                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9100                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9100                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        54927                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.780089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        54927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.006609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.197210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.929369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.227900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.260527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.262326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.308086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.389244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.016283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.010318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       806069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       806069                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          211                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          215                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         7066                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16184                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        46034                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        53100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        29191                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23239                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        53100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        46179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        53315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        29193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        53315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991363                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.996860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.992395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         8891                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         8891                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       109587                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.916329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           59                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       109587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.206097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.528650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.025400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.092538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.063644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.887881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.095541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.003978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      1949583                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      1949583                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       107170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       107170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       105264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       107773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       107773                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       107170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       107170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       103360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       105264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          269                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       107773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       103629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       107773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       107167                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       107167                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               28726                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              16452                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               45178                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              15872                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          15872                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                34435058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             141021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               141021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       135367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              10830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         9538                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              135367                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       175961                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       105482                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                45338                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              28868                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             16470                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      34292341.606629                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      142716.393371                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004145                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995855                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22505                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          597      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            88239     62.57%     62.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             212      0.15%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           30710     21.78%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          16504     11.70%     96.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          4759      3.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            141021                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               71152                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           37718                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              49897                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          21980                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              121049                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           59698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             177504                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         177625                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                32711939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             332079                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               332079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       321245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               9147                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        34923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              321245                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  373                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       439301                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       232559                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               121397                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              71411                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             49986                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      32392389.280472                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      319549.719528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.009769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.990231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    47015                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5648      1.70%      1.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           198028     59.60%     61.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             267      0.08%     61.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           72563     21.84%     83.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          50267     15.13%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          5414      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            332236                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             4974795                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              3743                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3250443                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            4145801                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              963                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        2773658                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             9120596                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              4706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   24                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         6024101                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           22403737                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1979                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       22405716                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                34435472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           32872173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             32872173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     28653124                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       3851703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1046139                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      2950420                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            28653124                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              3851703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     41682687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     20137270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      2564736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      2564220                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              9166874                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            5019034                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           4147840                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1156565.798948                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      33278906.201052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.966414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.033586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  4175165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2321793      7.06%      7.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         18243326     55.49%     62.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          533424      1.62%     64.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        1282192      3.90%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             48      0.00%     68.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt         767567      2.33%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult            51      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         255850      0.78%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         5145927     15.65%     86.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        4150946     12.63%     99.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        175779      0.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          32876903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               11019                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              22                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               7289                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               18308                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              22                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               5458                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           5458                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                33125666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              53576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                53576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        51503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         4538                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               51503                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        70504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        38990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                18355                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              11038                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              7317                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      33073519.688359                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      52146.311641                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001574                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998426                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     7677                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          367      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            32448     60.56%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             145      0.27%     61.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.02%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           11291     21.07%     82.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           7323     13.67%     96.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          1993      3.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             53578                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1228                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          49916                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2105                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116270                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        32171                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          197                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          128                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        112403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       112400                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        48688                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       324726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       324726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       153170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       153170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             477896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     13756352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     13756352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      4001568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      4001568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            17757920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       580384                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        892886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.649239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.477209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              313190     35.08%     35.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              579696     64.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          892886                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462846                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462845787000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2741821367000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1286553                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1286553                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              215863804                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 801516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2144.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2758571388                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2758571388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1133184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1317760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       736256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       658048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5861248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      2330816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1886976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      2328896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          16253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1133184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       736256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5861248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1886976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      9617664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1329216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1329216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        17706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        20590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        11504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        10282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        91582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        36419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        29484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        36389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             253956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        20769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             20769                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2448297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2847082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1590716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1421744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12663501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5035837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4076900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5031689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             35115765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2448297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1590716                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     12663501                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4076900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        20779414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2871833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2871833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2871833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2448297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2847082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1590716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1421744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     12663501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5035837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      4076900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5031689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            37987599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        59392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     56079360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     28723136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3016128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     95944128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       226624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     57144896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       831488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         242061184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        59392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3016128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       226624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      3338176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    163547200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      163547200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       876240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       448799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        47127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1499127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         3541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       892889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        12992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3782206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2555425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2555425                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       128319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    121162084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        77849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     62057681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6516486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    207291782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       489632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    123464224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        1796469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            522984525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       128319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        77849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6516486                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       489632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7212286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      353351385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           353351385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      353351385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       128319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    121162084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        77849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     62057681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6516486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    207291782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       489632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    123464224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       1796469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           876335910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     434                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     94843                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    6606     36.23%     36.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    150      0.82%     37.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      2.60%     39.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    146      0.80%     40.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  10859     59.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               18235                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     6605     47.73%     47.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     150      1.08%     48.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      3.43%     52.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     146      1.05%     53.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    6464     46.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                13839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            461842729500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11250000      0.00%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               28928000      0.01%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              933802500      0.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        462839936000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999849                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595267                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.758925                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       37     80.43%     80.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4      8.70%     89.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        4      8.70%     97.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1      2.17%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    46                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   65      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  212      1.08%      1.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                15338     77.81%     79.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    989      5.02%     84.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     84.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     84.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    2129     10.80%     95.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 138      0.70%     95.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     95.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                837      4.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 19712                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2338                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1549                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1548                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1549                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.662104                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.796758                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      301785538000     62.86%     62.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        178295463000     37.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     212                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2546940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          454.378708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           93608550                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2546940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.753339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   454.378708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.887458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.887458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        194875994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       194875994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     72174505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       72174505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     21398826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21398826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        17027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17027                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     93573331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        93573331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     93573331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       93573331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1531598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1531598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1018101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1018101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3010                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3010                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1397                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2549699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2549699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2549699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2549699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     73706103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     73706103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     22416927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22416927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20037                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     96123030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     96123030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     96123030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     96123030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.045417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.150222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.150222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.070720                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.070720                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1886445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1886445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            53255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          350456819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            53255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          6580.730805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        724145739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       724145739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      361992987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       361992987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    361992987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      361992987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        53255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         53255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        53255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    362046242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    362046242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        53255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            53255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     247                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    183391                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2328     26.90%     26.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      5.48%     32.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    142      1.64%     34.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   5711     65.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                8655                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2327     45.21%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      9.21%     54.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     142      2.76%     57.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2204     42.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5147                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            463128426000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               23579500      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              325139000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        463500370500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999570                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.385922                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.594685                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         2     66.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    7      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   43      0.39%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      0.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7381     67.49%     67.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    958      8.76%     76.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     76.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.01%     76.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     658      6.02%     82.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  38      0.35%     83.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     83.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               1848     16.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10937                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              444                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                409                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                257                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                414                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  409                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.932432                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.015564                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.745045                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         349295000      0.07%      0.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        341505750500     71.19%     71.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        137851443500     28.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      43                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3543278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.836459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          164974400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3543278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            46.559824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   496.836459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.970384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        340633519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       340633519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    137197185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      137197185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     27794523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      27794523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2950                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3035                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    164991708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       164991708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    164991708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      164991708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1229662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1229662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2315460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2315460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          741                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          741                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          631                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          631                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3545122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3545122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3545122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3545122                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    138426847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138426847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     30109983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30109983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3666                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168536830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    168536830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    168536830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    168536830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.008883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.076900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.200759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.200759                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.172122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.172122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3247800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3247800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            51687                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          648486122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            51687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         12546.406679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1367980089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1367980089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      683912514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       683912514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    683912514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      683912514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        51687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         51687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        51687                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    683964201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    683964201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        51687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            51687                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     164                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    275776                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8030     37.83%     37.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     27      0.13%     37.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      2.23%     40.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     67      0.32%     40.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  12631     59.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               21229                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8026     48.28%     48.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      27      0.16%     48.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      2.85%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      67      0.40%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8029     48.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                16623                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            461806581500     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1930500      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8577000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1005463500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        462845778500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999502                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.635658                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.783033                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.27%      0.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       114     31.32%     31.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        12      3.30%     34.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        33      9.07%     43.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       32      8.79%     52.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                       32      8.79%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       32      8.79%     70.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       51     14.01%     84.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       34      9.34%     93.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       23      6.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   364                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  370      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  301      0.17%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                18033     10.46%     10.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1190      0.69%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     3      0.00%     11.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2646      1.53%     13.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 791      0.46%     13.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     13.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique             149100     86.46%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                172440                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2947                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2539                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2539                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2539                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.861554                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.925629                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       60470547500     13.06%     13.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        402375231000     86.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     301                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4124144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.576146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          208683795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4124144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            50.600511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   509.576146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.995266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        429700829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       429700829                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    154373095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      154373095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     54037057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      54037057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       118252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       118252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       121991                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       121991                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    208410152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       208410152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    208410152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      208410152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2537540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2537540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1590773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1590773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1370                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1370                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4128313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4128313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4128313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4128313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    156910635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    156910635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     55627830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55627830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       123525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       123525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       123361                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    212538465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    212538465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    212538465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    212538465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028597                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028597                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.042688                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042688                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.011106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.011106                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3044212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3044212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           453082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          811146005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           453082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1790.285213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1623688082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1623688082                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      811164418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       811164418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    811164418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      811164418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       453082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        453082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       453082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    811617500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    811617500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       453082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           453082                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     232                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    266678                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    4820     34.34%     34.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    474      3.38%     37.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    277      1.97%     39.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   8466     60.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               14037                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     4817     46.51%     46.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     474      4.58%     51.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     277      2.67%     53.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    4790     46.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                10358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            462812566500     99.85%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               23226000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               32794500      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              631595000      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        463500182000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999378                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.565793                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.737907                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                         3     15.00%     15.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        9     45.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.00%     65.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        5     25.00%     90.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                        1      5.00%     95.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::92                        1      5.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    20                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   53      0.30%      0.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  280      1.58%      1.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                12013     67.59%     69.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    976      5.49%     74.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.02%     74.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     4      0.02%     75.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1390      7.82%     82.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 226      1.27%     84.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     84.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               2826     15.90%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 17773                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1670                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1155                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1155                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1155                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.691617                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.817699                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      106941839000     22.27%     22.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        373186237500     77.73%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     280                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          4169146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.744021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          187808998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4169146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.047355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   504.744021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.985828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        388140914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       388140914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    151911613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      151911613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     35873461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      35873461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11700                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    187785074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       187785074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    187785074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      187785074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1715662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1715662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2456354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2456354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1010                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1010                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4172016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       4172016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4172016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      4172016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    153627275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153627275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     38329815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     38329815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13699                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    191957090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    191957090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    191957090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    191957090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.011168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.145923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.145923                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.074118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3603034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          3603034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           116275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          727526270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           116275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          6256.944915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1499118785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1499118785                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      749384980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       749384980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    749384980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      749384980                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       116275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        116275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       116275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    749501255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    749501255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       116275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           116275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  96                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   835584                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        108                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1233                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               17055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              17055                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        10378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        26198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1651                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        28405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       835928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   864333                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                13099                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                13099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               117891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              117891                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               43                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        13056                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                13056                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12400702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6200695                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        63592                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1615785                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1577176                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        38609                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 901                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            2870854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5134245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        72499                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           926315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2028                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3330486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3330486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         104942                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2765011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       144596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7647811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       137787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     10619605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               18549799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5845824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    283964092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5510400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    434753466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               730073782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          9996810                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          22393860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.079576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.276933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                20650459     92.21%     92.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1704792      7.61%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   38609      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            22393860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      17741985                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8871568                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       115635                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          750754                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       656598                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        94156                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4830120                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6647246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       492841                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1610381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7772                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4041735                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4041735                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         569357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4260474                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1311409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12376115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       320146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     12506196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               26513866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     54932928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    459166512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     13047744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    497612943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1024760127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          6024979                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          23765315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.045332                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.226276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                22782142     95.86%     95.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  889017      3.74%     99.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   94156      0.40%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            23765315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             1530319                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3755.995145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               6790593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             1530319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                4.437371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1755.956218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1.701856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     1.771252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.263749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.580345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   103.824803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   928.772154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   130.528233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   832.596535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.428700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.025348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.226751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.031867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.203271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.916991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.969971                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           103559515                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          103559515                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5134245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5134245                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        72499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        72499                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       700797                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1927117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         2627914                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        34621                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39620                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        74241                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       935001                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1140277                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2075278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        34621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1635798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3067394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4777433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        34621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1635798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        39620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3067394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4777433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          680                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2974                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          535                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1786                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       314925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       387601                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        702526                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18634                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        12067                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        30701                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       598922                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        88688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       687610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       913847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        12067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       476289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1420837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        18634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       913847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        12067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       476289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1420837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5134245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5134245                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        72499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        72499                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          689                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2991                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1257                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1015722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2314718                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3330440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       104942                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1533923                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1228965                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2762888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2549645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3543683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        6198270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        53255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2549645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        51687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3543683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       6198270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996525                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.986938                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995227                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.990741                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993879                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.310050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.167451                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.210941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349901                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.233463                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.292552                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.390451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.072165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.248874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.358421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.233463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.134405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.229231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.349901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.358421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.233463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.134405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.229231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         945762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              945762                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2817282                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3856.928706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              10355823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2817282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.675821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1827.201780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   256.163292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1150.226883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst    55.215942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   568.120810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.446094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.062540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.280817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.013480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.138701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.941633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3929                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.959229                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           147858978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          147858978                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6647246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6647246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       492841                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       492841                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             77                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907658                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1868249                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         2775907                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       314114                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83052                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       397166                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1677875                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1368479                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3046354                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       314114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2585533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3236728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            6219427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       314114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2585533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        83052                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      3236728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           6219427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2970                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1318                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4288                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          874                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          543                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1417                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       679516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       585975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1265491                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       138968                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        33223                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       172191                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       863015                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       347548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1210563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       138968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1542531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        33223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       933523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2648245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       138968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1542531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        33223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       933523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2648245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6647246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6647246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       492841                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       492841                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3016                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4365                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          545                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1435                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1587174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2454224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4041398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       569357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2540890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1716027                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4256917                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4128064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4170251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        8867672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       453082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4128064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       116275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4170251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       8867672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.984748                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.977020                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.982360                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982022                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996330                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987456                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.428129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.238762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.313132                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.306717                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.285728                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.302431                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.339651                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.202531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.306717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.373669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.285728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.223853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.298640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.306717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.373669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.285728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.223853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1642200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1642200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            914216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              3999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             3999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       971142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          559409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           705016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          704944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       913026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        13056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       165383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      4073291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4244330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       529704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       534426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        39121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        39297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4818053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      4475776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    146971200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    151461046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     13417856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     13432191                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       835264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       838336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              165731573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         8071266                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         11287130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.714540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.451633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                3222019     28.55%     28.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                8065111     71.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           11287130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2034697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2568900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1361136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           7728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1955825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1955454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2034408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      7338229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       577646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      7915875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      4016572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      4016572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              11932447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    260925184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     13673855                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    274599039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    145176064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    145176064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              419775103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          528450                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          8474625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.062091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.241320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                7948429     93.79%     93.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 526196      6.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            8474625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      1589758                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.296761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        29970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      1589758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.124358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.651094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.511709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.757772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.103193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.094482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.956048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     24195831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     24195831                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       950373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       950373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4716                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total        11889                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5901                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total        18643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10617                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8026                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total        18643                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          867                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       307634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       380259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       687893                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       573807                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        77226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       652567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       881441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       457485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      1340460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       881441                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       457485                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      1340460                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       950373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       950373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          867                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       312350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       387432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       699782                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       579708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        78079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       659321                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        12992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       892058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       465511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      1359103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       892058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       465511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      1359103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.984902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.981486                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.983010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.989821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.989075                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.989756                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.982759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.986283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.988098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.982759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.986283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       938270                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       938270                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       206101                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.184202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         6015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       206101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.029185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.854654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.146873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.198914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.582341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.401421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.178416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.196680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.199932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.161396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.212589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3171085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3171085                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          160                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          234                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1014                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          539                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1928                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          234                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1153                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          141                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          560                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         2088                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          550                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        37271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        36750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       195156                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        37632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       197867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        37632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       197867                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          550                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          964                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91839                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29671                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37289                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       197084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       199955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        38192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       199955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.929370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997452                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973514                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.971356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.997452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.971356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.985337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        12685                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        12685                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       205132                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.082254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       205132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.512655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.744522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.394690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.818414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.611973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.094541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.234033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.212168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.176151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.225748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.942641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3139046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3139046                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           53                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          484                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          168                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          537                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          550                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91582                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        37019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29484                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        36587                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       194672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        37464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       197330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91582                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        38800                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        29484                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        37464                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       197330                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          550                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          414                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          964                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          527                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          243                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          770                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          882                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        37271                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        36750                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       195156                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       197867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        29530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        37632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       197867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973756                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980450                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993239                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995565                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997520                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.998442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        12324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        12324                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      1578011                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.225730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        13149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      1578011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.008333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.325647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.846362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.035057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.707853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.115398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.127191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.951608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     23886814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     23886814                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       938270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       938270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2922                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total        10862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          609                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          304                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total        11775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3531                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8244                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total        11775                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          867                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       304712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       372319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       690023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       573198                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        76922                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       651654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       877910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       449241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      1341677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       877910                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       449241                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      1341677                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       938270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       938270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          867                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1337                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          346                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          280                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       307634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       380259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        12992                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       700885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       573807                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        77226                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           43                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       652567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       881441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       457485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      1353452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       881441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       457485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        13035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      1353452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.990502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.979119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996064                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998601                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.981980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.991300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.981980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.991300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       926700                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       926700                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            73718298                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             38677                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        73001379                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           22438887                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            35376                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       20772544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            96157185                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             74053                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        93773923                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          356872558                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              310                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      356872868                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               925692008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          361972189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            361972189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    284248233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      89910869                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2730493                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     33381996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           284248233                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             89910869                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    489163328                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    205405928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    105917588                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     76402643                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             96241300                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           73765718                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          22475582                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      563645720.257564                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      362046287.742436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.391109                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.608891                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 37895863                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     19801995      5.47%      5.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        186270643     51.45%     56.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          118920      0.03%     56.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       38154232     10.54%     67.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        9971131      2.75%     70.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2455301      0.68%     70.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult       7088267      1.96%     72.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         789585      0.22%     73.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        282316      0.08%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        73797790     20.38%     93.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       22477904      6.21%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        838158      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         362046242                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           138413021                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             59008                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       138266726                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           30114198                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           112540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       30107588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           168527219                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            171548                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       168374314                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          683130364                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              290                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      683130654                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               927001064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          683792653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            683792653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    557833029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     141407809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2793292                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     78901182                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           557833029                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            141407809                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    901460940                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    408445713                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    149601351                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    118953777                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            168717036                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          138489546                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          30227490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      242069280.231340                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      684931783.768660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.738868                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.261132                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 84046092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     40918780      5.98%      5.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        389794606     56.99%     62.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           74953      0.01%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       57007914      8.33%     71.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       18608271      2.72%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt           1306      0.00%     74.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult       6602867      0.97%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          22886      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        447640      0.07%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       138496153     20.25%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       30227525      4.42%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1761300      0.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         683964201                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           156873799                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             59542                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       155894035                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           55753410                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            35919                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       53905889                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           212627209                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             95461                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       209799924                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          805046429                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             7324                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      805053753                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               925691738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          811522038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            811522038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    637963105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     175668403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            7848252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     74890776                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           637963105                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            175668403                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1057423789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    464911375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    205813484                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    149536012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            212885113                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          157093987                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          55791126                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      114066921.216398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      811624816.783602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.876777                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.123223                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 85715069                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     56164590      6.92%      6.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        420667505     51.83%     58.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         3285156      0.40%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       78195715      9.63%     68.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       19035043      2.35%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        2158203      0.27%     71.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      16103443      1.98%     73.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1404109      0.17%     73.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt        310554      0.04%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       157244267     19.37%     92.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       55793476      6.87%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       1255439      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         811617500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           153613406                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            133136                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       153260340                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           38344028                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           114404                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       37635751                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           191957434                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            247540                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       190896091                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          746571995                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              731                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      746572726                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               927001049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          749253715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            749253715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    608551096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     158546129                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            3507523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     83075674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           608551096                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            158546129                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    990032575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    441644208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    169141338                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    133532641                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            192234073                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          153774114                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          38459959                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      176439057.540530                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      750561991.459471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.809667                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.190333                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 89017479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     45332793      6.05%      6.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        415812577     55.48%     61.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          310404      0.04%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       63578820      8.48%     70.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       19787217      2.64%     72.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt         297776      0.04%     72.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult       8804490      1.17%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         260567      0.03%     73.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        505232      0.07%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       153795174     20.52%     94.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       38460807      5.13%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       2555398      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         749501255                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         848012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          2072                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       950955                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       561018                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2869                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2211                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3697                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        703656                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       703596                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       847723                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      4056474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      4056474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       571696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       571696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            4628170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    146670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    146670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     13489663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     13489663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           160159871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      6803988                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       9866241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.688758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.463002                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             3070793     31.12%     31.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             6795448     68.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         9866241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013297                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13297317000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2755118684000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              221887147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                221886911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1063788576                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 802540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2773575521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2773575521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       225728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       293120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        21696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       339840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       191424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1176384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       225728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       339840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        33024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       656960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       178112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         178112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         3527                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              18381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16975455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     22043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4389457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1631607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     25557035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     14395686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2483509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       991478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             88467771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     16975455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4389457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     25557035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2483509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        49405455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       13394582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            13394582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       13394582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     16975455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     22043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4389457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1631607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     25557035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     14395686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      2483509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       991478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           101862353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        69888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       745920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       135744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1774272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       155648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2997888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        69888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         6080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       118080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      2102464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2102464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        11655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        27723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         2432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              46842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        32851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             32851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5255797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     56095527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       457235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     10208375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2959996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    133430827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       206959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5130659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       11705218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            225450593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5255797                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       457235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2959996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       206959                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         8879987                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      158111896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           158111896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      158111896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      5255797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     56095527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       457235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     10208375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2959996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    133430827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       206959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5130659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      11705218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           383562489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4842                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1725     44.71%     44.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      3.08%     47.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      0.36%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.44%     48.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1983     51.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                3858                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1721     48.10%     48.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      3.33%     51.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      0.39%     51.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.48%     52.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1707     47.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3578                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             12793690000     97.70%     97.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8925000      0.07%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2725000      0.02%     97.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              288975000      2.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13095001000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997681                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.860817                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927424                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     12.50%     12.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     12.50%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     12.50%     37.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         1     12.50%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     12.50%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1     12.50%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1     12.50%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                        1     12.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     8                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   43      1.07%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   70      1.74%      2.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.05%      2.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3465     86.04%     88.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     52      1.29%     90.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.10%     90.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     5      0.12%     90.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     244      6.06%     96.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  68      1.69%     98.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.12%     98.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                 69      1.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4027                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              315                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 99                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.314286                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.476998                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       12158468500     93.34%     93.34% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           867842500      6.66%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      70                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            24547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.266604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             762103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            25006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.476806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.266604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.920443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1511846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1511846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       471958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         471958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       235563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        235563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4502                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4639                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       707521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          707521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       707521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         707521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          421                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          421                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         25348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        25348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       491807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       491807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       241062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       241062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5060                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       732869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       732869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       732869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       732869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.040359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.022812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.142149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142149                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.083202                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.083202                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            10042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.996492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           14607364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1407.531702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.996492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5946521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5946521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2958454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2958454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      2958454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2958454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      2968325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2968325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      41                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1704                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     320     37.34%     37.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      1.63%     38.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     31      3.62%     42.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    492     57.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 857                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      318     48.70%     48.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      2.14%     50.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      31      4.75%     55.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     290     44.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  653                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13034947500     99.59%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     99.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5577000      0.04%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               48048000      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13089258500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.993750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.589431                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.761960                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.46%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  106      9.70%     10.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.37%     10.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  651     59.56%     70.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     33      3.02%     73.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.18%     73.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     2      0.18%     73.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     162     14.82%     88.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  60      5.49%     93.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%     93.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                 67      6.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1093                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              200                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 68                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                124                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  120                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    5                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.073529                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.641753                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         113730500      0.87%      0.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            79036000      0.60%      1.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         12876222500     98.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     106                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          467.239655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             158957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.426969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   467.239655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.912577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.912577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           254337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          254337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        73763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          73763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        42716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          880                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          116479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       116479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         116479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          371                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          393                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          393                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        77556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        44456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        44456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1251                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       122012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       122012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       122012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       122012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.039140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.296563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.296563                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.331366                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.331366                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             2567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           35906409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          6790.168116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           848750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          848750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         417211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          417211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       417211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         417211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       421987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       421987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       421987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       421987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.011318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4776                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      14                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     85246                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1050     43.07%     43.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      2      0.08%     43.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      0.57%     43.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     20      0.82%     44.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1352     55.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2438                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1048     49.18%     49.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       2      0.09%     49.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      0.66%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      20      0.94%     50.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1047     49.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2131                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13138641000     98.81%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 143000      0.00%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3041000      0.02%     98.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              154631500      1.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13297142500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998095                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.774408                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.874077                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         2      8.00%      8.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      4.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     20.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      8.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     12.00%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     16.00%     76.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4     16.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   38      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   92      0.11%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2225      2.68%      2.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     46      0.06%      2.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      2.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     179      0.22%      3.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  58      0.07%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              80244     96.81%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82887                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              271                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                164                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                164                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  164                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.605166                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.754023                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        8029461500     60.38%     60.38% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          5267681000     39.62%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      92                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            49292                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.618551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3680764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            49804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.904988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   501.618551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.979724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7486406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7486406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2311080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2311080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1260771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1260771                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        47458                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        47595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3571851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3571851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3571851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3571851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        39872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          605                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          416                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          416                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         50153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        50153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2350952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2350952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1271052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1271052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        48063                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        48011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        48011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3622004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3622004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3622004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3622004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.016960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008665                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008665                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            35465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            12821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11368838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            13333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           852.684167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22663343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22663343                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11312437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11312437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11312437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11312437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        12823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         12823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        12823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11325260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11325260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        12821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            12821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      40                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       989                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     254     35.03%     35.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     14      1.93%     36.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     47      6.48%     43.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    410     56.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 725                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      252     45.24%     45.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      14      2.51%     47.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      47      8.44%     56.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     244     43.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             13041263000     99.63%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 686000      0.01%     99.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5867000      0.04%     99.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               41574500      0.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         13089390500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992126                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.595122                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    6      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   48      5.39%      6.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  586     65.84%     71.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     28      3.15%     75.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     2      0.22%     75.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.11%     75.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      97     10.90%     86.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  54      6.07%     92.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 68      7.64%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   890                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              145                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 56                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 56                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   56                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.386207                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.557214                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         969000500     93.12%     93.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            71563000      6.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      48                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2686                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.256630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             105748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.731419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   481.256630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.939954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           183942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          183942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        54034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        30843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          338                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          338                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        84877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           84877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        84877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          84877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1445                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          342                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          409                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          409                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         3747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        56336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        56336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        32288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32288                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        88624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        88624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        88624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        88624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.040862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044753                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.415049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.415049                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.547523                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.547523                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             3429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           22184781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5629.226338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           586149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          586149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         287931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          287931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       287931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         287931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          3429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         3429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       291360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       291360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       291360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       291360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             3429                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   155648                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 739                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3190                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3190                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         4874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4886                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       155688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   160574                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 2437                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 2453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                21933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               21933                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 2432                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         91095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        45572                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           40334                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        37692                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2642                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              40124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12609                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9488                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          14647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         24759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        26465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        79087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        16591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 134460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1062016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2277642                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       482624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       512776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 4335058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           156501                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            246837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.234398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.448304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  191632     77.64%     77.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   52555     21.29%     98.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    2647      1.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              246837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        140152                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        69933                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         7100                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           40119                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        35762                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         4357                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  16                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              59389                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        11506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13006                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            825                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          16252                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         43121                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        35282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       150327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         8728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 205861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1437376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5486404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       339136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       337920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 7600836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           131403                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            269766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.216895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.449616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  215612     79.93%     79.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   49797     18.46%     98.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    4357      1.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              269766                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               30104                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3989.707869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                571119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               33673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               16.960740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1143.253260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   523.412473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1945.243763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   201.824656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   175.973716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.279115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.127786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.474913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.049274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.042962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.974050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871338                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              704601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             704601                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9488                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          950                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          269                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5252                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3769                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9021                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         8843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              19083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             19083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          526                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          390                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          260                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          581                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3926                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          975                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          4901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4619                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         5626                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2115                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15321                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            25848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           25848                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9488                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          543                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          397                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          940                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          261                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          582                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        14647                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3828                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        24164                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          44931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        25212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         44931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.968692                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.982368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.974468                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996169                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998282                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.805168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.783762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.800817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.467936                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.210846                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.384106                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.649390                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.552508                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.634042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.467936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.679518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.210846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.575282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.467936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.679518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.210846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.609227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           8750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                8750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               52497                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4042.188885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                400440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               56521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                7.084800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   839.656722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   995.925665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1919.754719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   151.012787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   135.838992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.204994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.243146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.468690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.036868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.033164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.986863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1126413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1126413                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        37187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37187                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        11506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        11506                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1744                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2029                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6873                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9740                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        16393                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1034                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        17427                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        18137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              29196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         6873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        18137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             29196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          420                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          445                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          865                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          306                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          614                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          8612                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5949                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6511                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        23790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        25155                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        31799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            40278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5949                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        31799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           40278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        37187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37187                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        11506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        11506                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          452                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          877                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          308                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          307                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          615                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9753                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        16251                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        40183                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2399                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          69474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        12822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         69474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988235                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984513                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.986317                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996743                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998374                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.821183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.679054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.809322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.463968                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.400652                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.592041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.568987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.590743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.463968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.636795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.598722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.579756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.463968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.636795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.163896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.598722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.579756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          24551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               24551                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             31049                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           18536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        30315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         2432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        27596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        49237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        79503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        27529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        27843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         7311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                114657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       742144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1471232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2217234                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       694464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       695492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       154944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       155968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                3068694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          101972                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           176590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.568435                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.495296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  76210     43.16%     43.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 100380     56.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             176590                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             43074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            15500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           15421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        43058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        90894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        29748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       120642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        56140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        56140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                176782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3444672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       704196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4148868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1774528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1774528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                5923396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           40748                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           156008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.254442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.435549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 116313     74.56%     74.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  39695     25.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             156008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        20273                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.956004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        20287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.028639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.136572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.043932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.953190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.815487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.059574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.050968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       322462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       322462                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          360                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          612                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         4401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8691                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1521                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        15804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        15804                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          360                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3468                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11425                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         2432                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        15836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        15836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992172                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998074                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         9527                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         9527                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         9975                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.364077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         9991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.058553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.385922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.389180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.529560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.048325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.011090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.211620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.086824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.283098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.128020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.188193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       161627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       161627                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1207                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           24                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           72                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          284                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3048                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         9708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3363                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         9708                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1207                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          162                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         9780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         9780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993827                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997033                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.988235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995501                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992797                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.995501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.994220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1176                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1176                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         9948                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.316394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         9964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.050682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.103129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.637366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.792463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.283401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.500035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.131446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.102335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.299529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.218752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       160727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       160727                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          284                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3040                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9363                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         9696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3352                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          518                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         9696                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          284                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          175                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          161                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3048                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          498                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         9372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         9708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         5310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         9708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.991071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997992                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999040                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1155                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1155                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        20249                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.036293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        20262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.026503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.142525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.047051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.016755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.823720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.063547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.051483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       324347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       324347                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9527                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9527                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          360                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          612                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3462                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8685                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1516                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        11392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        18222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12147                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2452                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        18222                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9527                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9527                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          360                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          252                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          129                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          251                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3462                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          939                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         2432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6833                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8691                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1521                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        11403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        18236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           95                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         2436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        18236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999310                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996713                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999035                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         9507                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         9507                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              496970                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               367                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          275934                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             246660                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               52                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses         128431                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              743630                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               419                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          404365                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1776095                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              235                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1776330                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                26178186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            2967894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              2967894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      2894123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3198                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             121950                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       356336                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             2894123                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3198                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3829729                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      2216068                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         1673                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         1547                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               745147                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             498140                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            247007                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      23256137.551606                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      2922048.448394                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.111622                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.888378                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   541456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        14220      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          2169042     73.07%     73.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            3484      0.12%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     73.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd            215      0.01%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              3      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv             16      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          509930     17.18%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         247430      8.34%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         23985      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           2968325                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               77936                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               360                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           23129                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              45495                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               46                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          14921                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              123431                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               406                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           38050                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             176437                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              140                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         176577                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                26178482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             421560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               421560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       400824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          2298                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10871                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        49680                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              400824                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 2298                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       536103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       298512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         1189                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         1121                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               125096                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              79179                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             45917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      25762999.804189                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      415482.195811                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.015871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.984129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    68880                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        10366      2.46%      2.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           272205     64.51%     66.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             996      0.24%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             83      0.02%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           81379     19.28%     86.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          45960     10.89%     97.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         10995      2.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            421987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             2317970                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1750                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2177908                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            1318992                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              142                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses        1199252                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits             3636962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              1892                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         3377160                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           10568370                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              428                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       10568798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                26594648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           11323363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             11323363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     10139832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          4952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             625351                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      1373043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            10139832                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 4952                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     13534784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      7234511                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         3036                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2990                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs              3720266                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            2400781                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           1319485                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      15268967.518768                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      11325680.481232                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.425863                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.574137                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  2322765                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       749402      6.62%      6.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          6686010     59.04%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2494      0.02%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1287      0.01%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              2      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              7      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             2      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            228      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         2452333     21.65%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        1319687     11.65%     99.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        113808      1.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          11325260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               56836                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                34                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           21397                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              32997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               10                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          14289                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               89833                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                44                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           35686                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             155428                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               13                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         155441                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                26178368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             291316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               291316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       275375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          2010                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        36111                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              275375                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 2010                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       366939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       200398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         1044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          966                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                90393                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              57194                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             33199                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      25891594.034156                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      286773.965844                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.010955                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.989045                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    51628                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         7816      2.68%      2.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           185997     63.84%     66.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             875      0.30%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             59      0.02%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           58413     20.05%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          33259     11.42%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          4941      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            291360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          20791                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10703                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15677                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1044                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          811                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         1483                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7215                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7169                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        20775                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        56399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        56399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        29567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        29567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              85966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1776832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1776832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       697604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       697604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             2474436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       112491                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        166209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.660776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.473447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               56382     33.92%     33.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              109827     66.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          166209                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
