
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.439527                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5439526649000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7702749119500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1469375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1469375                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              889649878                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 722692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6114.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8984102354                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8984102354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       41783552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       58540800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst       98398400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data      122806976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst       94831616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      124246080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst       52332672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data       40540032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          633484160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst     41783552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst     98398400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst     94831616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst     52332672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total     287346240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     86750848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        86750848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst          652868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          914700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst         1537475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         1918859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst         1481744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         1941345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst          817698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data          633438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide            63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             9898190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1355482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1355482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           7681468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          10762113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst          18089515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          22576776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          17433799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          22841340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst           9620814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data           7452860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide             741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             116459428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      7681468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst     18089515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     17433799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      9620814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         52825597                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15948235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15948235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15948235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          7681468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         10762113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst         18089515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         22576776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         17433799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         22841340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst          9620814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data          7452860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide            741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            132407662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     9898190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1355482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   9898190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1355482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              628122048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 5362112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                86720320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               633484160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             86750848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  83783                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        60287                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            514763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            872727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            578198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            772711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            542823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            650233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            462310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            810193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            636751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            775706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           632724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           536711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           397711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           699778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           312102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           618966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             59735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             84891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             83947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            180805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            121438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            127545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             98759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             88388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             45937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             47282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            99399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            53176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            62890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            53144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                       101                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  5439526577500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               9898190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1355482                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 9309144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  466266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   35566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    3380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  31143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  32826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  74553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  77785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  78165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  78300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  78478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  78747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  79066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  79280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  80022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  80801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  80817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  80872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  80684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  80402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  80577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  80868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   1587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   1364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   1256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   1009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                    449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                    406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                    368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                    325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                    250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                    382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      3629226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    196.967741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.367303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.594929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1703879     46.95%     46.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1001658     27.60%     74.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       371584     10.24%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       192011      5.29%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639       119097      3.28%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        71970      1.98%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        42555      1.17%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        23508      0.65%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       102964      2.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      3629226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        80081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     122.555225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    105.635536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63          25315     31.61%     31.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127        25856     32.29%     63.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191        14802     18.48%     82.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255         7461      9.32%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319         3302      4.12%     95.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383         1432      1.79%     97.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447          662      0.83%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511          389      0.49%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575          238      0.30%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639          180      0.22%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703          112      0.14%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           96      0.12%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           68      0.08%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           45      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           41      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           28      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           20      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           10      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            8      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         80081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        80081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.920431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.860895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.952383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         79353     99.09%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-23           392      0.49%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-27           185      0.23%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-31            52      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-35            26      0.03%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-39            13      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::40-43            16      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-47             7      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::52-55             3      0.00%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::56-59             3      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::60-63             4      0.00%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::68-71             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::84-87             1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::88-91             2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::92-95             1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             3      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::140-143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::168-171            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         80081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  98274414109                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            282294545359                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                49072035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10013.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28763.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       115.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    116.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  6789315                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  750860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                55.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     483355.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    67.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              14461335000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               7890609375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             40590646200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5478891840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         355283067360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1757470655925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1722071810250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3903247015950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            717.571796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2853839549500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  181637560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2404044226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              12975545520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               7079910750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             35961369600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3301540560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         355283067360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1719969374385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1754967671250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3889538479425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.051623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2908916972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  181637560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2348966709250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   236635722                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    111773                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               233819060                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   54339978                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     7557                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               52196540                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   290975700                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                    119330                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               286015600                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                 1329933474                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    42271                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses             1329975745                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                     15405498239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1342900763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1342900763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1275345429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                645179                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2739362                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     19808561                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1275345429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       645179                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2054478630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1194913418                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               36024                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              36002                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    291119644                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  236766051                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  54353593                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              10215796011.615395                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5189702227.384604                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.336873                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.663127                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         24309801                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             65549812      4.88%      4.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                975941059     72.67%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 7827143      0.58%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 603414      0.04%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      3      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   3567      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                    18      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1206      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               236846762     17.64%     95.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               54365514      4.05%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               1881598      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1343020096                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    3778                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    276329                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   24554     23.90%     23.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   5570      5.42%     29.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     93      0.09%     29.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  72512     70.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              102729                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    24554     44.90%     44.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    5570     10.19%     55.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      93      0.17%     55.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   24469     44.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                54686                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            5403170685500     99.33%     99.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             4030607500      0.07%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              102290000      0.00%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            32177112000      0.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        5439480695000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.337448                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.532333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         4     12.12%     12.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        12     36.36%     48.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                        10     30.30%     78.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        3      9.09%     87.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     12.12%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    33                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   24      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  123      0.11%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                90771     83.23%     83.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                  11227     10.29%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    6296      5.77%     99.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 103      0.09%     99.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                519      0.48%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                109063                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6416                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2485                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2484                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2485                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.387157                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.558252                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      3662600559500     67.32%     67.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1778208249500     32.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     123                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1694966                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          497.807426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          289276983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1694966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           170.668310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2278690738500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.807426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.972280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        583680600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       583680600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    235242647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      235242647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     53953972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      53953972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        35180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        35180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        40021                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        40021                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    289196619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       289196619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    289196619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      289196619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1369164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1369164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       337660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       337660                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1706824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1706824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1706824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1706824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  70712647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  70712647500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16449994500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16449994500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    334805500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    334805500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43518000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43518000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        40000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87162642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87162642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  87162642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87162642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    236611811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    236611811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     54291632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     54291632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        42390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42338                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        42338                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    290903443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290903443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    290903443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290903443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170087                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.170087                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054726                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054726                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51646.586895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51646.586895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48717.628680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48717.628680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46436.269071                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46436.269071                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18782.045749                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18782.045749                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51067.152794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51067.152794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51067.152794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51067.152794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       592565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           592565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1369164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1369164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       337660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       337660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         2317                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1706824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1706824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1706824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1706824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         5838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         5838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  69343483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69343483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16112334500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16112334500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    327595500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327595500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41205000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41205000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        36000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85455818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85455818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85455818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85455818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     16393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     16393500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1312507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1312507500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1328901000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1328901000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170087                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170087                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054726                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054726                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50646.586895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50646.586895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47717.628680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47717.628680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45436.269071                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45436.269071                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17783.772119                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17783.772119                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50067.152794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50067.152794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50067.152794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50067.152794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 212902.597403                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212902.597403                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227826.332234                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227826.332234                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227629.496403                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227629.496403                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          5261829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.316203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1335459802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5261829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           253.801445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2381915798500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.316203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2691302535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2691302535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst   1337757756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1337757756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst   1337757756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1337757756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst   1337757756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1337757756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5262341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       5262341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      5262341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116526357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 116526357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116526357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 116526357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 116526357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 116526357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst   1343020097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1343020097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst   1343020097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1343020097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst   1343020097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1343020097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22143.444714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22143.444714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22143.444714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22143.444714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22143.444714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22143.444714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5262341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5262341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5262341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111264016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 111264016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111264016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 111264016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111264016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 111264016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21143.444714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21143.444714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21143.444714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21143.444714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 21143.444714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21143.444714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   599137516                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    234970                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               597352493                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   96007959                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    14876                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               94615359                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   695145475                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    249846                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               691967852                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                 3265358921                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                    76053                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses             3265434974                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                     15404302147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 3273877518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3273877518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           3117899549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                626471                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4614442                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     38227161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  3117899549                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       626471                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5107589274                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2968278786                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               25084                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              25076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    695435742                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  599407082                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  96028660                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3127798012.042439                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              12276504134.957561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.796953                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.203047                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         46179946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass            152481644      4.66%      4.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2405959799     73.48%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                16298907      0.50%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 596269      0.02%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1008      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    336      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               599447032     18.31%     96.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               96029162      2.93%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess               3313209      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3274127366                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    1212                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    427946                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   23208     25.67%     25.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   5570      6.16%     31.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     76      0.08%     31.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  61572     68.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               90426                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    23208     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    5570     10.71%     55.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      76      0.15%     55.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   23139     44.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                51993                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            5404626324000     99.36%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             5362274000      0.10%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               74345500      0.00%     99.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            29391949000      0.54%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        5439454892500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.375804                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.574978                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        12     75.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   26      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   51      0.05%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                78771     81.71%     81.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                  11153     11.57%     93.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    6011      6.24%     99.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  58      0.06%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                331      0.34%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 96401                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4837                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               4795                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1225                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               4808                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 4795                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   13                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.994005                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.010612                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.885696                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       44347031000      0.92%      0.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        4287561281500     88.48%     89.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        513749872000     10.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      51                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3001093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.739203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          691852110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3001093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           230.533379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2347553397500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   501.739203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.979959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1393358119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1393358119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    596546610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      596546610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     95576179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      95576179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        16151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16151                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        20280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    692122789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       692122789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    692122789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      692122789                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      2603895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2603895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       404307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       404307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      3008202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3008202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      3008202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3008202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 151863911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151863911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19582703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19582703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    180179000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    180179000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15567000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     15567000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data         7500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total         7500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 171446614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 171446614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 171446614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 171446614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    599150505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    599150505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     95980486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     95980486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21599                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21571                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    695130991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    695130991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    695130991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    695130991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.252234                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.252234                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059849                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58321.825957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58321.825957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48435.231149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48435.231149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33072.503671                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33072.503671                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12058.094500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12058.094500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56993.052328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56993.052328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56993.052328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56993.052328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       746038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           746038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2603895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2603895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       404307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5448                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3008202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3008202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3008202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3008202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         5696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         5704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         5704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 149260016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 149260016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19178396000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19178396000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    174731000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174731000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     14277000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14277000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         6500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         6500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 168438412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 168438412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 168438412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 168438412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1291504500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1291504500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1292760500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1292760500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.252234                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252234                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059849                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059849                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57321.825957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57321.825957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47435.231149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47435.231149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32072.503671                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32072.503671                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11058.869094                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11058.869094                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55993.052328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55993.052328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55993.052328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55993.052328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226738.851826                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226738.851826                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226641.041374                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226641.041374                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          7501243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          507.652035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         3264553591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          7501243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           435.201685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2479333555500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   507.652035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6555756487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      6555756487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst   3266625611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3266625611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst   3266625611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      3266625611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst   3266625611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     3266625611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7501755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       7501755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      7501755                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 203321176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 203321176500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 203321176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 203321176500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 203321176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 203321176500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst   3274127366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3274127366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst   3274127366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   3274127366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst   3274127366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   3274127366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27103.148063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.148063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27103.148063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.148063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 27103.148063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.148063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7501755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7501755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7501755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 195819421500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 195819421500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 195819421500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195819421500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 195819421500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195819421500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26103.148063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26103.148063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26103.148063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26103.148063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 26103.148063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26103.148063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   596087799                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    231881                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               593923828                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   93606509                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    13438                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               91272693                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   689694308                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    245319                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               685196521                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                 3209371566                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                    74034                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses             3209445600                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                     15404316625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 3220776341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3220776341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           3067139923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                666994                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4515197                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     35322156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  3067139923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       666994                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         5025827471                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        2922651128                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33023                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              32926                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    689980797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  596354645                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  93626152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3275885488.806839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12128431136.193161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.787340                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.212660                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         42902551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass            150366998      4.67%      4.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               2364618161     73.41%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                12070145      0.37%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 626998      0.02%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      7      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   2688      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                    26      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                    903      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               596421117     18.52%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               93627967      2.91%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               3286658      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3221021668                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1568                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    427254                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   25390     26.59%     26.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     32      0.03%     26.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   5570      5.83%     32.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    102      0.11%     32.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  64398     67.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               95492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    25351     44.95%     44.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      32      0.06%     45.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    5570      9.88%     54.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     102      0.18%     55.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   25340     44.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                56395                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            5402001212500     99.32%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               47530500      0.00%     99.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             5180118000      0.10%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               94011000      0.00%     99.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            31612971000      0.58%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        5438935843000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998464                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.393490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.590573                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         3      5.66%      5.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                        12     22.64%     28.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4      7.55%     35.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       10     18.87%     54.72% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       19     35.85%     90.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5      9.43%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    53                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   86      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  158      0.15%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                83012     81.21%     81.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  11281     11.04%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    6811      6.66%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 117      0.11%     99.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                759      0.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                102224                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6970                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               5493                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               5494                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 5493                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.788235                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.881569                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1216194408500     22.36%     22.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        4222260738500     77.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     158                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3260558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.502349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          686439783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3260558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           210.528315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2263513541500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   507.502349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.991216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1382715236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1382715236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    593364209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      593364209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     93024855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      93024855                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        25456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        25456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        30130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    686389064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       686389064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    686389064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      686389064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      2725974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2725974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       542617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       542617                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         6549                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6549                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         1855                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1855                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      3268591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3268591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      3268591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3268591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 149379549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149379549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26918903500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  26918903500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    197270500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    197270500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     22160000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     22160000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 176298452500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 176298452500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 176298452500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 176298452500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    596090183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    596090183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     93567472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     93567472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        32005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32005                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        31985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    689657655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    689657655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    689657655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    689657655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005799                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204624                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.204624                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.057996                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057996                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54798.596392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54798.596392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49609.399447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49609.399447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30122.232402                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30122.232402                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11946.091644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11946.091644                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53937.140652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53937.140652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53937.140652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53937.140652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       970571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           970571                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      2725974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2725974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       542617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       542617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6549                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6549                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1855                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1855                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3268591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3268591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3268591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3268591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         6433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         7009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         7009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 146653575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 146653575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26376286500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26376286500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    190721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190721500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     20307000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20307000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 173029861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 173029861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 173029861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173029861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    113445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113445500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1435245000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1435245000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1548690500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1548690500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.204624                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204624                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.057996                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057996                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53798.596392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53798.596392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48609.399447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48609.399447                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29122.232402                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29122.232402                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10947.169811                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10947.169811                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52937.140652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52937.140652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52937.140652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52937.140652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 196953.993056                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196953.993056                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 223106.637650                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223106.637650                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 220957.411899                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 220957.411899                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          7924365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.988864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         3211218617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          7924365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           405.233557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2265852154500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.988864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6449968213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      6449968213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst   3213096791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3213096791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst   3213096791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      3213096791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst   3213096791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     3213096791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      7924877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       7924877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      7924877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 205140347500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 205140347500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 205140347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 205140347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 205140347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 205140347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst   3221021668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3221021668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst   3221021668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   3221021668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst   3221021668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   3221021668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 25885.619108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25885.619108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 25885.619108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25885.619108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 25885.619108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25885.619108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7924877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7924877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7924877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 197215470500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 197215470500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 197215470500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 197215470500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 197215470500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 197215470500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24885.619108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.619108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24885.619108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.619108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 24885.619108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.619108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   198141997                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     93308                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               196060079                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   56101764                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     6676                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               54583126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   254243761                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     99984                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               250643205                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                 1137117052                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                    23763                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses             1137140815                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                     15404302146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1146547732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1146547732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1085633734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                621974                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    4142108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     18704152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1085633734                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       621974                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         1727381837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1004635892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               25035                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              25006                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    254364291                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  198249849                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  56114442                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10895965313.519102                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4508336832.480898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.292667                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.707333                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         24587147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             59044557      5.15%      5.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                824003476     71.86%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 7048427      0.61%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 593933      0.05%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1089      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                    363      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               198299955     17.29%     94.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               56115209      4.89%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               1540710      0.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1146647719                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    3973                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    225485                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   23780     26.41%     26.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   5570      6.19%     32.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     57      0.06%     32.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  60632     67.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               90039                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    23741     44.69%     44.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    5570     10.49%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      57      0.11%     55.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   23750     44.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                53118                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            5415212130000     99.55%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             3806299500      0.07%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               58790000      0.00%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            20377771500      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        5439454991000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998360                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.391707                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.589944                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                        12     75.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  131      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   88      0.09%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                78400     81.56%     81.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                  11200     11.65%     93.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    6035      6.28%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  43      0.04%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                232      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 96131                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2022                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2022                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2022                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.330230                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.496501                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      109205878000      6.57%      6.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1554203110500     93.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      88                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1256535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.890668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          252363237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1256535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           200.840595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2266039426500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   483.890668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.945099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        509777698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       509777698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    197122410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      197122410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     55811019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55811019                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        19578                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19578                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        21096                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21096                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    252933429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       252933429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    252933429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      252933429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      1011356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1011356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       262177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       262177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data         3181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3181                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1273533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1273533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1273533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1273533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  50069279500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50069279500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11714208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11714208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    124115500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    124115500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     29986000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     29986000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        27500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  61783487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61783487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  61783487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61783487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    198133766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    198133766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     56073196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56073196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        22759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        22736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22736                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    254206962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    254206962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    254206962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    254206962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004676                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.139769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139769                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.072132                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072132                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49507.077132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49507.077132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 44680.532617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44680.532617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39017.761710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39017.761710                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18284.146341                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18284.146341                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48513.456267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48513.456267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48513.456267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48513.456267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       457495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           457495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1011356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1011356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       262177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       262177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         3181                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         3181                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         1640                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1273533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1273533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1273533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1273533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         5787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         5803                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         5803                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  49057923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49057923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11452031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11452031000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    120934500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120934500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     28351000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28351000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  60509954500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60509954500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  60509954500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60509954500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      2520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1308083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1308083000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1310603000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1310603000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.139769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139769                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.072132                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072132                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 48507.077132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48507.077132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43680.532617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43680.532617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 38017.761710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38017.761710                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17287.195122                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17287.195122                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47513.456267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47513.456267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47513.456267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47513.456267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       157500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226038.189044                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226038.189044                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 225849.215923                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225849.215923                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          5909276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.814064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1136104568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          5909276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           192.257828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2279149042500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   511.814064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2299205226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2299205226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst   1140737931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1140737931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst   1140737931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1140737931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst   1140737931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1140737931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      5909788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       5909788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      5909788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 135005977500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135005977500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 135005977500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 135005977500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 135005977500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 135005977500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst   1146647719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1146647719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst   1146647719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1146647719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst   1146647719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1146647719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22844.470478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22844.470478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22844.470478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22844.470478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 22844.470478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22844.470478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5909788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5909788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5909788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 129096189500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 129096189500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 129096189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 129096189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 129096189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 129096189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21844.470478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21844.470478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21844.470478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21844.470478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 21844.470478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21844.470478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 361                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2965504                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        363                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  839                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 839                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               70013                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              70013                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        45820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        48708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        92996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        92996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  141704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       183280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       184918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2970384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2970384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3155302                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             45788000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              972000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           241572199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            25031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            46852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                46482                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.999618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                46482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         2263352293000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.999618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               418482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              418482                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              162                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     26289927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26289927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5505873272                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5505873272                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     26289927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     26289927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     26289927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     26289927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 162283.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162283.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118824.958391                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118824.958391                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 162283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 162283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162283.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.918919                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46336                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46336                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        46336                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     18189927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18189927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3189073272                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3189073272                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     18189927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18189927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     18189927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18189927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 112283.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112283.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68824.958391                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68824.958391                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 112283.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112283.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 112283.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112283.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10199857                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4051.236239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    49169715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10199857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.820628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              3924326392000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      296.185817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       259.340974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       168.313902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       744.873946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       631.322169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       885.630579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       654.605845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       293.897477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       117.065530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.072311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.063316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.041092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.181854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.154131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.216218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.159816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.071752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.028580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          525                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 515226589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                515226589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2766668                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2766668                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             1580                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             1058                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              772                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              176                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 3586                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            284                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            213                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            337                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data             50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                884                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            147554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            183183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            237258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data            131316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                699311                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        4550745                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        5891479                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        6375263                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst        5043530                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           21861017                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        610528                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        875003                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       1060691                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        478913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3025135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              4550745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               758082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              5891479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              1058186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              6375263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              1297949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              5043530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data               610229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 25585463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             4550745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              758082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             5891479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             1058186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             6375263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             1297949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             5043530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data              610229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                25585463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           6368                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           1132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            930                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           2923                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              11353                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data          784                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             2555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          179060                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          217050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          301706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data          125770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              823586                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst       711596                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst      1610276                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst      1549614                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst       866258                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          4737744                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       754798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data      1723988                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      1659186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       521839                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4659811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             711596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             933858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst            1610276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            1941038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst            1549614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            1960892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst             866258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data             647609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10221141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            711596                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            933858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst           1610276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           1941038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst           1549614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           1960892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst            866258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data            647609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10221141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31555000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10609000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10573500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2308000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     55045500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20007500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1500000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4548000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       679000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     26734500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13835934000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16597749000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23029328000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   9580276500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   63043287500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55520888000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122627876000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 118314536500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  67213724500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total 363677025000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  61141268000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 136287731500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 131555465000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  42578799500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 371563264000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55520888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  74977202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122627876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152885480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 118314536500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 154584793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  67213724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  52159076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     798283576500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  55520888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  74977202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122627876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 152885480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 118314536500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 154584793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  67213724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  52159076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    798283576500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2766668                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2766668                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7948                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1702                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         3099                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            14939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1365                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          738                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data          834                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           3439                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        326614                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        400233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        538964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        257086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1522897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5262341                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7501755                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      7924877                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst      5909788                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       26598761                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1365326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2598991                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2719877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      1000752                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7684946                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          5262341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1691940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          7501755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          2999224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          7924877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          3258841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst          5909788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          1257838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             35806604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         5262341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1691940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         7501755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         2999224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         7924877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         3258841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         5909788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         1257838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            35806604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801208                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.516895                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.546416                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.943207                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.759957                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791941                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.575697                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.543360                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.940048                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.742949                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.542309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.559789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.489214                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.540802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.135224                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.214653                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.195538                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.146580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.178119                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.552834                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.663330                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.610022                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.521447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.606356                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.135224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.551945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.214653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.647180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.195538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.601715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.146580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.514859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.285454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.135224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.551945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.214653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.647180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.195538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.601715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.146580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.514859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.285454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4955.244975                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9371.908127                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11369.354839                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   789.599726                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4848.542236                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18508.325624                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5190.311419                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11341.645885                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   866.071429                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10463.600783                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77269.820172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76469.702833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76330.361345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 76172.986404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76547.303500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78023.046785                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76153.327753                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76350.972887                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77590.884586                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76761.645416                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81003.484376                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79053.758785                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79289.160468                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81593.747305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79737.840011                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78023.046785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80287.583337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76153.327753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78764.805480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76350.972887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78833.914871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77590.884586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80540.999276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78101.219472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78023.046785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80287.583337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76153.327753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78764.805480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76350.972887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78833.914871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 77590.884586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80540.999276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78101.219472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1309146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1309146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        58728                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        72801                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        67860                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        48560                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total        247949                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19114                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        22143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        19512                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data        14168                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        74937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           58728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           72801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           22143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           67860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           19513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           48560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           14170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total              322889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          58728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          19114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          72801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          22143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          67860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          19513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          48560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          14170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total             322889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      1684043                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       1684043                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6368                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1132                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          930                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2923                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         11353                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1081                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          401                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          784                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2555                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       179060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       217050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       301705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       125768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         823583                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       652868                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1537475                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1481754                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       817698                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total      4489795                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       735684                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1701845                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1639674                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       507671                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4584874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        652868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        914744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       1537475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       1918895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       1481754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       1941379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        817698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        633439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           9898252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       652868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       914744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst      1537475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1918895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst      1481754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1941379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       817698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       633439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          9898252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data           77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         5761                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         5696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         6433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         5787                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        23677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         5838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         5704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         7009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         5803                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        24354                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    131379500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23408999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     19221500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     60276500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234286499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22456000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6022500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      8288000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     16307500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53074000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12045334000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14427249000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20012210500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8322459500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54807253000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44839139500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102058053500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  98659838000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  55599129500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 301156160500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52360767500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117611817000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 113713264500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  36410394500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320096243500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44839139500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64406101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102058053500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 132039066000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  98659838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 133725475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  55599129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  44732854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 676059657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  44839139500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  64406101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102058053500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 132039066000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  98659838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 133725475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  55599129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  44732854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 676059657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     15431000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    106245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      2320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    125152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1240328000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1223788500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1359255500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1240609500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5063981500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1255759000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1224944500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   1465500500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data   1242929500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5189133500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801208                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.516895                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.546416                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.943207                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759957                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791941                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.575697                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.543360                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.940048                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.742949                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.548231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.542309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.559787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.489206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.124064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.204949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.186975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.138363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.654810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.602849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.507290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.124064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.204949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.639797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.186975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.595727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.138363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.503593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.276436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.124064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.540648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.204949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.639797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.186975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.595727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.138363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.503593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.276436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20631.202889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20679.327739                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20668.279570                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20621.450564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20636.527702                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20773.358002                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20839.100346                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20668.329177                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20800.382653                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20772.602740                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67269.820172                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66469.702833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66330.390613                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 66173.108422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66547.334027                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68680.253129                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66380.301143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66583.142681                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 67994.699143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67075.704013                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71172.905079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69108.418804                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69351.142056                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71720.453798                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69815.712166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68680.253129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70408.881064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66380.301143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68809.948434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66583.142681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68881.694404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 67994.699143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70619.039876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68300.913838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68680.253129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70408.881064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66380.301143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68809.948434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 66583.142681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68881.694404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 67994.699143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70619.039876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68300.913838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 200402.597403                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 184453.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       145000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184862.629247                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215297.344211                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214850.509129                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211294.186227                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214378.693624                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213877.666089                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215100.890716                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214751.840813                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 209088.386360                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214187.403067                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213071.097150                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9075508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              23677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             23677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1355482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          7758481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            17222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           6207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           13951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            823654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           823540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9074831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       139280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       139280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        48708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     28901410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     28950118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               29089398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       184918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    717265472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    717450390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               720419926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             9773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19106793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                19106793    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19106793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            49826454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         24671439862                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81331790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        52908082215                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          34332216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             23677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            23677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          4122251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        33235806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           20765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          7091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          27856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1525996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1525996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      26598761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7732939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        46336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13860574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4968955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20361176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8726941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21723991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9532004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16024870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3672199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              98870710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    336789824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    146254036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    480112320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    239742104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    507192128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    270730274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    378226432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    109827272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2468874390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10353359                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         82012557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.125504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.331290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               71719619     87.45%     87.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8               10292938     12.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           82012557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        38638317996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy             1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        7924309154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2577060986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy       11290864729                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        4533814613                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy       11922878332                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        4926676015                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        8890949523                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        1923485096                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006125                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6125366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7708874485500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             3303019820                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               3303003284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2251251632                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8987004481                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8987004481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         293120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         574528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          47168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data         108864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data         621248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst            768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1771648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       293120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        47168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        466560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       787904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          787904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            4580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            8977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst             737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data            1701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst            1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data            9707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst              12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               27682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         12311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              12311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          47853467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          93794885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst           7700438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          17772652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          20489225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         101422184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            125380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data             73138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             289231370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     47853467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      7700438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     20489225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       125380                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         76168510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       128629701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            128629701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       128629701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         47853467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         93794885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst          7700438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         17772652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         20489225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        101422184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           125380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data            73138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            417861071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       27682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      12311                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     27682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    12311                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1770048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  788416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1771648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               787904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           67                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              2041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              2364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    6125424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 27682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                12311                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   27198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        12566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    203.637753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.647642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.287710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6018     47.89%     47.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3550     28.25%     76.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1182      9.41%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          473      3.76%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          302      2.40%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          207      1.65%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          127      1.01%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          103      0.82%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          604      4.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        12566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      37.297443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     33.957293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     20.272778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             12      1.62%      1.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           107     14.40%     16.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           214     28.80%     44.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           171     23.01%     67.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           108     14.54%     82.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            51      6.86%     89.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63            29      3.90%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            19      2.56%     95.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            10      1.35%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             5      0.67%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             5      0.67%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            4      0.54%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.13%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.27%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.13%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.580081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.554745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.935224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              530     71.33%     71.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               10      1.35%     72.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              189     25.44%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      1.75%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    277301500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               795870250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  138285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10026.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28776.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       288.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       128.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    289.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    128.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    20353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    7061                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                57.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     153162.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              14505606360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               7914765375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             40698543600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5517583920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         355683304080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1760321402055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1723247823000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3907889028390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            717.616766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1938349500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     204620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3985111500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              13026303360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               7107606000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             36069345000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3342571920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         355683304080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1722940535295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1756038057000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3894207722655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            715.104429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1761587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     204620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4161571750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      389774                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       797                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   49610                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     206594                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       47                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  27746                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      596368                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       844                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   77356                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     332560                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      486                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 333046                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        10525702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2266234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2266234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2198965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1155                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       216088                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2198965                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1155                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            3052463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1752500                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 784                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       598051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     391237                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    206814                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3127754.438943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7397947.561057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.702846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.297154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           302878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                29340      1.29%      1.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1580736     69.73%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7198      0.32%     71.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    223      0.01%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                     14      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     31      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                    33      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                     28      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  405156     17.87%     89.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 207125      9.14%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 37206      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2267090                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      7780                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2990     48.39%     48.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     11      0.18%     48.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      0.10%     48.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.02%     48.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   3171     51.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                6179                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2990     49.86%     49.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      11      0.18%     50.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      0.10%     50.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2989     49.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 5997                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3508129500     66.08%     66.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11644000      0.22%     66.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5442500      0.10%     66.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1695500      0.03%     66.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1781976000     33.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5308887500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.942605                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.970545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.13%      2.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.13%      4.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         7     14.89%     19.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2      4.26%     23.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.13%     25.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.13%     27.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      2.13%     29.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                       33     70.21%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    47                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   51      0.79%      0.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.05%      0.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6071     94.56%     95.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     25      0.39%     95.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.02%     95.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      90      1.40%     97.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  57      0.89%     98.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.09%     98.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                115      1.79%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  6420                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              142                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 72                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 73                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   72                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.514085                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.677570                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3580416500     83.03%     83.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           731691000     16.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      51                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          490.195948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             582699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            29.337378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   490.195948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.957414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1212487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1212487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       368535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         368535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       193279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        193279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         7149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         7769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       561814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          561814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       561814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         561814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        13531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         5382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5382                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         18913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        18913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    620023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    620023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    218106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    218106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37109000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     37109000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       256000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       256000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    838129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    838129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    838129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    838129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       382066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       382066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       198661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       198661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         7804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       580727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       580727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       580727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       580727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098828                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.098828                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004485                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004485                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45822.407804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45822.407804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40525.083612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40525.083612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47332.908163                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47332.908163                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7314.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7314.285714                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44314.968540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44314.968540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44314.968540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44314.968540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          640                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    212724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       221000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       221000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    819216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    819216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    100244500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    100244500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     45052500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     45052500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    145297000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    145297000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027091                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098828                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098828                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004485                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004485                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44822.407804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44822.407804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39525.083612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39525.083612                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46332.908163                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46332.908163                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6314.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6314.285714                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43314.968540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43314.968540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43314.968540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43314.968540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227311.791383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227311.791383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226394.472362                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226394.472362                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227026.562500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227026.562500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9962                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.947116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            4555076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           434.893641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.947116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4544145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4544145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2257122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2257122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2257122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2257122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2257122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2257122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    449682500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449682500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    449682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    449682500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    449682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    449682500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2267089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2267089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2267089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2267089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2267089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2267089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45117.136551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45117.136551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45117.136551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45117.136551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 45117.136551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45117.136551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    439715500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439715500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    439715500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439715500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    439715500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439715500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 44117.136551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44117.136551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 44117.136551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44117.136551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 44117.136551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44117.136551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       30094                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                       326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                    1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      18467                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       48561                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                    2699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      24501                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  24626                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        11742508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     157136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       157136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               151328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       3249                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        17889                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      151328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             201795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            113668                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        49675                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      30978                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     18697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10902671.705295                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              839836.294705                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.071521                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.928479                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            22386                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 2842      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    96778     61.44%     63.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     143      0.09%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.02%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   32161     20.42%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  18710     11.88%     95.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  6860      4.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    157521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       904                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     122     39.61%     39.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.95%     41.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.97%     42.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    177     57.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 308                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      122     48.41%     48.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      2.38%     50.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.19%     51.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     121     48.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  252                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5794629000     98.69%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3459500      0.06%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4083500      0.07%     98.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               69082000      1.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5871254000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.683616                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.818182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     15.03%     15.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.04%     16.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  225     58.29%     74.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     13      3.37%     77.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      75     19.43%     97.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.33%     99.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   386                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              124                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  9                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.548387                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.111111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.680000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         362910000      0.06%      0.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            40310000      0.01%      0.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        599811444000     99.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          465.440067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             357029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           106.100743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   465.440067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.909063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.909063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.917969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           101663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          101663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        27926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        16942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16942                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          467                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        44868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           44868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        44868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          44868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         3290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     90456500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90456500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     68030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68030000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2193500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2193500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       180000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       180000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    158486500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    158486500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    158486500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    158486500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        18043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18043                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          523                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        48158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        48158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.061021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.110476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049713                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.049713                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41323.206944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41323.206944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 61789.282470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61789.282470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37818.965517                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37818.965517                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6923.076923                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6923.076923                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48172.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48172.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48172.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48172.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           26                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2135500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2135500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    155196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155196500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    155196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155196500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      2051500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2051500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      2051500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2051500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.110476                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110476                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049713                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049713                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40323.206944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40323.206944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60789.282470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60789.282470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36818.965517                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36818.965517                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5923.076923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5923.076923                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47172.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47172.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47172.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47172.188450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 227944.444444                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227944.444444                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            2227959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1063.972779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           316624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          316624                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       155939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         155939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       155939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          155939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       155939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         155939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     73401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       157521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       157521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       157521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       157521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       157521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       157521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.597977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.597977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.597977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.597977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 46397.597977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46397.597977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     71819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.597977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.597977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.597977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.597977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 45397.597977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45397.597977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                       86492                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      90644                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      177136                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     163199                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 163351                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        13432346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     468383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       468383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               450644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                       9137                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        48106                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      450644                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             648702                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            307683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       178255                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      87331                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     90924                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              9842064.844223                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3590281.155777                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.267286                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.732714                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            60354                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                 9835      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   266650     56.87%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     623      0.13%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.25%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.05%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   89892     19.17%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  90991     19.41%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                  9475      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    468865                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1326                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     279     46.27%     46.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      1.00%     47.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.17%     47.43% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    317     52.57%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 603                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      277     49.46%     49.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       6      1.07%     50.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     50.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     276     49.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  560                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              6624559500     98.67%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                3309500      0.05%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1170500      0.02%     98.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               85050500      1.27%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          6714090000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.870662                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.928690                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.44%      0.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      7.74%      8.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.15%      8.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  490     71.53%     79.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     13      1.90%     81.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.15%     81.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     106     15.47%     97.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.19%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   685                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              158                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.613924                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.761719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6810648000     94.66%     94.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           384137000      5.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            13159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.110567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             174315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.750713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   483.110567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.943575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          397                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           368574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          368574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        79483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          79483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        82353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         82353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data         1177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data         1314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1314                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       161836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          161836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       161836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         161836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data         6136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data         7009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data        13145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         13145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data        13145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        13145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    305266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    499049000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    499049000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5798000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5798000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       131000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    804315500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    804315500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    804315500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    804315500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        85619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        89362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        89362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1341                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       174981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       174981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122297                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.122297                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.015730                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.015730                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49750.081486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49750.081486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 71201.169924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71201.169924                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35353.658537                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35353.658537                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  6238.095238                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6238.095238                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61187.942183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61187.942183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61187.942183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61187.942183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         7009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        13145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    299130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    492040000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    492040000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5634000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5634000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       110000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    791170500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    791170500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    791170500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    791170500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2272000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2272000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.122297                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122297                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.015730                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015730                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.075122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48750.081486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48750.081486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70201.169924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70201.169924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34353.658537                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34353.658537                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5238.095238                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5238.095238                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60187.942183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60187.942183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60187.942183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60187.942183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       227200                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227200                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       227200                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       227200                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            2342433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           457.774673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.999322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           942339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          942339                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       464259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         464259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       464259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          464259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       464259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         464259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    196114500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196114500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    196114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    196114500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    196114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    196114500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       468866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       468866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       468866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       468866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       468866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       468866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42568.808335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42568.808335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42568.808335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42568.808335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42568.808335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42568.808335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    191507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41568.808335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41568.808335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41568.808335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41568.808335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 41568.808335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41568.808335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                        2254                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                       1239                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                        3493                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                       1375                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                   1375                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        11718589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                      10374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                        10374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                 9931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts          777                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                        9931                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads              13530                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes              7830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                         3500                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                       2254                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                      1246                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11681743.174819                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              36845.825181                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003144                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996856                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                             1414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                   59      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                     6262     60.36%     60.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      36      0.35%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                    2308     22.25%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                   1246     12.01%     95.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                   463      4.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                     10374                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       112                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      25     25.00%     25.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      6      6.00%     31.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      1.00%     32.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     68     68.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 100                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       25     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       6     10.71%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      1.79%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      24     42.86%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   56                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              5845104000     99.76%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2218500      0.04%     99.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1147000      0.02%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               10825000      0.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          5859294500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.352941                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.560000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   86     81.90%     81.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     12     11.43%     93.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       7      6.67%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   105                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.229079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             596479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1212.355691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   471.229079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.920369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data         2179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data         1199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data         3378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           3378                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1728500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1728500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        25000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      1976500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      1976500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data           24                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data         3435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         3435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35275.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35275.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        31000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        31000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         6250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34675.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34675.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34675.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34675.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1679500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        21000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        21000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1919500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1919500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1587000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1587000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.021993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006628                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34275.510204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34275.510204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        30000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         5250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 14166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33675.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33675.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33675.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33675.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226714.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226714.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226714.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements               48                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            4643689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8292.301786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           20796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        10326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          10326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        10326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           10326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        10326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          10326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total            48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        10374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        10374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        10374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        10374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        10374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 38104.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38104.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 38104.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38104.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 38104.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38104.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37104.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37104.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37104.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37104.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 37104.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37104.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  441                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 441                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                225                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          121                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     1058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                79000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               77000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     27852                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3998.817620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       69728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     31882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.187065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1180.322952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       835.210718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      1284.958940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        69.848767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        67.936604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       220.561009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       333.704826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         5.054273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data         1.219530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.288165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.203909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.313711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.017053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.016586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.053848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.081471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.001234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4030                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983887                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    820716                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   820716                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23630                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               97                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  163                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              3046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data               180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3806                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           5380                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst            840                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           2645                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst             31                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               8896                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          7429                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data          1235                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data          2841                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            22                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11527                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 5380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                10475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                 1415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 2645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data                 3420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                   31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                5380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               10475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                1415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                2645                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data                3420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                  31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data              7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 56                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2191                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            6365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9375                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         4587                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          742                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1961                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           17                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             7307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6792                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          895                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           11040                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               4587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               8983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data               1714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data               9708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data                 10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  27722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              4587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              8983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data              1714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data              9708                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data                10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       488000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       122000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       640500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170816000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     62373500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    474945500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     708135000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    368204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60608500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    156803000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1380000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    586995500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    543179000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     73625000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    264990500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1253000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    883047500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    368204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    713995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60608500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    135998500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    156803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data    739936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2178178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    368204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    713995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60608500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    135998500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    156803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data    739936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      1380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2178178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23630                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          5237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          6944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             13181                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         9967                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1582                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         4606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst           48                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          16203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data         6184                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         22567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             9967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             3129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             4606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data            13128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst               48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data               33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                51951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            9967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            3129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            4606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data           13128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst              48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data              33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               51951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211382                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.136986                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.812500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.255708                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.642857                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.819820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.916619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.711251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.460219                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.469027                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.425749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.354167                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.450966                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.420188                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.540589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.489210                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.460219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.461661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.469027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.547779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.425749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.739488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.354167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.303030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.533618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.460219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.461661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.469027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.547779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.425749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.739488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.354167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.303030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.533618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18769.230769                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data         3050                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9384.615385                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11437.500000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data         7625                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3388.888889                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77962.574167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76158.119658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74618.303221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75534.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80271.201221                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81682.614555                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79960.734319                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81176.470588                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80333.310524                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79973.351001                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82262.569832                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79267.274903                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data       125300                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79986.186594                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80271.201221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79482.912167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81682.614555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79345.682614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79960.734319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76219.200659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data       125300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78572.180939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80271.201221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79482.912167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81682.614555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79345.682614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 79960.734319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 76219.200659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 81176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data       125300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78572.180939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                12311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     12311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            17                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data               3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1176                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1176                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            56                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2191                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9375                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4580                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          737                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1961                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           12                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7290                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6786                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          883                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3343                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        11019                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          4580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          8977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          1702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          9708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             27684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         4580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         9708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            27684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          640                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       533500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       205000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       266500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       147000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1152000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        82000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        41000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        41000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148906000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     54183500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    411295500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    614385000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    322070000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     52976500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    137193000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       899000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513138500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    474939000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     63976500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    231560500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       956500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771432500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    322070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    623845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     52976500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    118160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    137193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    642856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       956500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    322070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    623845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     52976500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    118160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    137193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    642856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       956500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1898956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     94732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     94732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     42763000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1940000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1506500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     48361500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    137495000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data      1940000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      2152000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data      1506500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    143093500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.136986                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255708                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.418369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.819820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.916619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.711251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.465866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.425749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.414554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.540589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.218750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.461353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.465866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.543944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.425749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.739488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.212121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.532887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.459516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.461353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.465866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.543944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.425749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.739488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.212121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.532887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20519.230769                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        21000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20571.428571                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67962.574167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66158.119658                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64618.303221                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65534.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70320.960699                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71881.275441                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69960.734319                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 74916.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70389.368999                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69988.063660                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72453.567384                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69267.274903                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 136642.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70009.302115                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70320.960699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69493.706138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71881.275441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69424.206816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69960.734319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66219.200659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 74916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 136642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68593.989308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70320.960699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69493.706138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71881.275441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69424.206816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 69960.734319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66219.200659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 74916.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 136642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68593.989308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214811.791383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214811.791383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214889.447236                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215555.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215200                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215214.285714                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       214940                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214835.937500                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215555.555556                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data       215200                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 215214.285714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214855.105105                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             12311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            12662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              67                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         18309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        80625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        81957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  81957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2559552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2560610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2560610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              154                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             53542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   53542    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               53542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           102124500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          148944935                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             39560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            35941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           37149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            88                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            13209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           13209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         16204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        22915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        28104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        58762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        38839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                151461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       637888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2089554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       101248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       310536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       294784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1398800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4838242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           28375                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           132951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.209491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.406947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                 105099     79.05%     79.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                  27852     20.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             132951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           76292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          14954991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29971488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2375994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           4949485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           6910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          19930998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             74495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy             93493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
