
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365568000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254806080000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              170652954                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                170646001                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              636617302                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 725096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97987329                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97987329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623599440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396358543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3019957983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623599440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623599440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543592437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543592437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543592437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623599440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396358543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563550420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344838500     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365668500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261905000     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.023258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.367609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.632391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.850895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.027420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.847194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18280                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.991716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.271772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1833.804526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.840552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.066284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.146064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1250.134290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443087                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12034                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12034                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34479    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34479                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134746                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44043                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127014                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21033                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261760                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65076                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729813                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76739                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702130                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987158                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491703                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264180                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136630                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127550                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731136                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97269                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426419     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140775     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127893     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730780                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51986                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25995                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1972672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2893760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69079     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1187      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.271971                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                271971151000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2527148364500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1860923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1860923                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              788562906                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 733288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   344.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   641822373                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     641822373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3038848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     28200960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           31239808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3038848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       3038848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18388480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18388480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        47482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       440640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              488122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        287320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             287320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     11173420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    103690998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             114864418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     11173420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         11173420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67611877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67611877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67611877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     11173420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    103690998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            182476295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      421                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     148617                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     8353     35.61%     35.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     372      1.59%     37.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     278      1.19%     38.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   14456     61.62%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                23459                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      8336     48.12%     48.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      372      2.15%     50.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      278      1.60%     51.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     8336     48.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 17322                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             270631264500     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                27473000      0.01%     99.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                13622000      0.01%     99.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1298978000      0.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         271971337500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.997965                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.576646                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.738395                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1      0.13%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.13%      0.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        624     83.65%     83.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          8      1.07%     84.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         24      3.22%     88.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        16      2.14%     90.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.13%     90.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        24      3.22%     93.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.13%     93.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.13%     93.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.13%     94.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        21      2.82%     96.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        18      2.41%     99.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         2      0.27%     99.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      0.13%     99.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      0.13%     99.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      0.13%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    746                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   421      1.16%      1.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       10      0.03%      1.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 20523     56.52%     57.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    1249      3.44%     61.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     61.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     61.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     2286      6.30%     67.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  889      2.45%     69.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.01%     69.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               10925     30.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  36310                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              2595                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1917                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1973                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1917                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    56                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.760308                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.853374                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4577647500      1.68%      1.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         267134295500     98.22%     99.90% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            259394500      0.10%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      421                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2005878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           113589568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2005878                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             56.628353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         233451164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        233451164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     96085383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        96085383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17530419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       17530419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        48899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        52064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    113615802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        113615802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    113615802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       113615802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1689691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1689691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       312507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       312507                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3680                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2002198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2002198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2002198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2002198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     97775074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     97775074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17842926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17842926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52579                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        52579                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        52064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    115618000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    115618000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    115618000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    115618000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069990                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069990                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       415609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            415609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            366688                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           543059065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            366688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1480.984011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1086774437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1086774437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    542837185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       542837185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    542837185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        542837185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    542837185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       542837185                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        366689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         366689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        366689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    543203874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    543203874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    543203874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    543203874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    543203874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    543203874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       366688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            366688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 541                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4567040                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        574                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               74796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              74796                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        12420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  155542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         7152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        15340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4583988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                71561                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                71561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               644049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              644049                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        71360                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    508958                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3986.326954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3398216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    508958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.676810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1527.725011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.054433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.032070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   148.963903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2309.551538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.372980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.563855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  38782198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 38782198                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       415609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           415609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       366664                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           366664                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       113205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                113205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       319206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             319206                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1451937                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1451937                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        319206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1565142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1884348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       319206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1565142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1884348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       199302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              199302                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47483                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            47483                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       241434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          241434                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       440736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 488219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        47483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       440736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                488219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       415609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       415609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       366664                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       366664                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       312507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            312507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         366689                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1693371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1693371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2005878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2372567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       366689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2005878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2372567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.637752                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129491                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.129491                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.142576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.142576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.205777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.205777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               215960                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    215960                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             291892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       287320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           272762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               96                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              96                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            199206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           199206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        289118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       214482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       214482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1465160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1477580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1692062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      4579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      4579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     45061312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     45076652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49656556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1126273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1126273    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1126273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             97804130                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             104184                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         96342658                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17899171                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              5559                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   27                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16597003                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            115703301                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             109743                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    39                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        112939661                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           534586309                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1875                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       534588184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                543942723                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           543094092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             543094092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     389455453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      214577710                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             1490106                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     37600659                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            389455453                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             214577710                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    712891007                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    272946532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    264532992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    199793362                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             115840922                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            97934623                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           17906299                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       736927.520363                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       543205795.479637                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.998645                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.001355                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  46754054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       2607878      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         237136330     43.66%     44.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          5483927      1.01%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     45.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        93034640     17.13%     62.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         2833905      0.52%     62.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        35128850      6.47%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       48928347      9.01%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv          664581      0.12%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt         222000      0.04%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         98014666     18.04%     96.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        17909319      3.30%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        1239431      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total          543203874                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4745133                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2372565                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           60                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          21860                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        21860                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2062834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       415609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       366664                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1590233                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           312507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          312507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        366689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1693371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1100042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6030018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7130060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     46934592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    154990508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              201925100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          652209                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5403423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.063648                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                5381444     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  21979      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            5403423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.437734                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                437734214500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2964882579000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2605045                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2605045                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              751821434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 734440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   582.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1516739248                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1516739248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2629184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     45749696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           48378880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2629184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       2629184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16305792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16305792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        41081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       714839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              755920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        254778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             254778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      6006348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    104514782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             110521130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6006348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          6006348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        37250440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             37250440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        37250440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      6006348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    104514782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            147771570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     555335                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     5538     35.09%     35.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      23      0.15%     35.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     449      2.84%     38.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    9773     61.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                15783                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      5530     47.95%     47.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       23      0.20%     48.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      449      3.89%     52.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     5530     47.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 11532                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             437096292500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 1714500      0.00%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                22001000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               598461500      0.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         437718469500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998555                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.565845                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.730660                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1      0.17%      0.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        308     52.47%     52.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                        228     38.84%     91.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          9      1.53%     93.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        12      2.04%     95.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         9      1.53%     96.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        10      1.70%     98.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        10      1.70%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    587                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    91      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 13761     55.23%     55.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    1407      5.65%     61.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     1550      6.22%     67.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  672      2.70%     70.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                7433     29.83%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  24914                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              1637                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1517                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1519                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1517                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     2                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.927917                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.962001                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         2858077000      0.65%      0.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         434849995000     99.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             10397500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       91                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8014139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           211787649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8014139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.426750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         447568723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        447568723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    156948998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       156948998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     54750460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       54750460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        33350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    211699458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        211699458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    211699458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       211699458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7358012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7358012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       652854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       652854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8010866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8010866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8010866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8010866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    164307010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    164307010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     55403314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     55403314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    219710324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    219710324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    219710324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    219710324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.097359                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       921139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            921139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            960830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           873855678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            960830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            909.480010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1751853390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1751853390                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    874485450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       874485450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    874485450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        874485450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    874485450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       874485450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        960830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         960830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        960830                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    875446280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    875446280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    875446280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    875446280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    875446280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    875446280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       960830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            960830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   118784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  157                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 157                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2442                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2442                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       118824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       118824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   123085                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1861                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                16749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               16749                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1856                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1856                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    795609                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4043.846156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17018406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    795609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     21.390414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      527.791485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   207.690329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3308.364341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.128855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.807706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 145047641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                145047641                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       921139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           921139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       960810                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           960810                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       435057                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                435057                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       919749                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             919749                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6864179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6864179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        919749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7299236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  8218985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       919749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7299236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 8218985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       217797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              217797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            41081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       497106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          497106                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       714903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 755984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        41081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       714903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                755984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       921139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       921139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       960810                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       960810                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       652854                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            652854                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         960830                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7361285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       7361285                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8014139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8974969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       960830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8014139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8974969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042756                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.042756                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.067530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               252922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    252922                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             538344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       254778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           502951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            217796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           217796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        538192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2267841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2269317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2274895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       119104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       119104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     64569920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     64574181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                64693285                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1516364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 1516364    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1516364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            164275269                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             509515                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        163894036                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            55438078                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             19890                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        54507172                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            219713347                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             529405                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        218401208                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           869934920                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               544                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       869935464                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                875468440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           874916875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             874916875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     596877854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      386635660                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls             5564613                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     61027257                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            596877854                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             386635660                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1173926619                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    396817727                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    533423076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    340438894                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             220308985                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           164850295                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           55458690                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       21614.452272                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       875446825.547728                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999975                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000025                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  74002749                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass       9102396      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         324926598     37.12%     38.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult         20434606      2.33%     40.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     40.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       160845666     18.37%     58.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         2089025      0.24%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        33632103      3.84%     62.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       94242211     10.77%     73.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         3320821      0.38%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt        1107040      0.13%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        164900221     18.84%     93.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        55460298      6.34%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        5385295      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total          875446280                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     17949938                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8974969                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           38                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          41388                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        41388                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8322267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       921139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       960810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7092982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           652854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          652854                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        960830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7361285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2882470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24043875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              26926345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    122984960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    571862053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              694847013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          799334                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         18750007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               18708543     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  41464      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           18750007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000850                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   850480500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2965733059500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1251112956                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1251090510                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              700725971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 734440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1518438510                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1518438510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       337920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1167168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1505088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        337920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       567168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          567168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        18237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               23517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    397328334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1372363035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1769691369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    397328334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        397328334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       666879488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            666879488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       666879488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    397328334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1372363035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2436570856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       5535                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1713     47.39%     47.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      92      2.54%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1810     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3615                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1711     48.69%     48.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       92      2.62%     51.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1711     48.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3514                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                689715000     79.64%     79.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 6900000      0.80%     80.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               169451500     19.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            866066500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.945304                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.972061                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.85%      3.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      7.69%     11.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     15.38%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3     11.54%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         2      7.69%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      3.85%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      3.85%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     11.54%     65.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.85%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.85%     73.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.85%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     19.23%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      3.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     26                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   120      3.21%      3.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.16%      3.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3237     86.46%     89.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       9      0.24%     90.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.03%     90.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.03%     90.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      286      7.64%     97.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   42      1.12%     98.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.24%     99.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  33      0.88%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   3744                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               406                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 192                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 192                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   192                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.472906                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.642140                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          523731000     60.47%     60.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            342335500     39.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      120                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              647712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             24864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.050193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1133960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1133960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       297046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          297046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         215057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       512103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           512103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       512103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          512103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          384                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          384                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        23969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          23969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        23969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         23969                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       311072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       311072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       225000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       225000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9412                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       536072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       536072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       536072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       536072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044191                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044191                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040799                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.040799                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             15327                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10823                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.897351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2351487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             11334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            207.471943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.897351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3411691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3411691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1689602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1689602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1689602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1689602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1689602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1689602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         10829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          10829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         10829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1700431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1700431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1700431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1700431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1700431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1700431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             10823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     24375                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4023.499428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       50229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     28408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.768129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      929.799568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   945.260950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2148.438911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.227002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.230777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.524521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984619                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    596803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   596803                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            10803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5548                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               5548                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4842                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4842                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          5548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          6115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         6115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5280                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5280                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  23517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5280                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 23517                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10828                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          10828                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        14410                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14410                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                35180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        10828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               35180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.871957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.487625                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.487625                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.663983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.487625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.748891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.668476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.487625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.748891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.668476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8862                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            13993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8669                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        69891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        71763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  71763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2072256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2074480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2074480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             47309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   47309    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               47309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               319698                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                974                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses           138226                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              234630                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               164                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           80786                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               554328                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1138                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           219012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              704991                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               530                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          705521                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1700961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1699262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1699262                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1633534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4420                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               53615                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       195413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1633534                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4420                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      2228951                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1186417                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2839                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2764                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                557195                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              322022                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             235173                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            1700961                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    263551                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         31343      1.84%      1.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           1061455     62.42%     64.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2148      0.13%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1305      0.08%     64.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     64.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               5      0.00%     64.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             246      0.01%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           335871     19.75%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          235532     13.85%     98.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          32524      1.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1700431                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        70357                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        35183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           44                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1614                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1614                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             25791                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         10829                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74907                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                107368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1384448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2541680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3926128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           24375                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            95668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.017864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.132457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  93959     98.21%     98.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1709      1.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              95668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
