
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354483500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2269421281000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              181515305                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                181509545                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              476928249                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1281440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134905469                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134905469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        40384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       246592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            541376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       113344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        11136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        98624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       223104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         114112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         3853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    113923497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     88286197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278218873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    695637456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1527224821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    278218873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       629377672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      321910611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           321910611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      321910611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    319744078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    113923497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     31414720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     88286197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    278218873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    695637456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1849135432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       123136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        35840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       324992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            489344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks       424640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         424640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks         6635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6635                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    347367367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    101104847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    916804308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1380442249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total        15165727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks     1197911892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total          1197911892                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks     1197911892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     11193751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    347367367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       541633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    101104847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3430343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    916804308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          2578354141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138920000     91.90%     91.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12077000      7.99%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151161500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61919500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.337962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              65734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4997                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.154693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    26.750145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.587817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.052246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.926929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129984                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          516                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           33                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.156863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054010                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             368221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           147.170663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.766604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   479.233396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.063997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               350205000     98.37%     98.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355991000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.45%      5.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1018107500     93.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          456.774741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              46117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.507077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    85.443530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   371.331212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.166882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.725256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          440                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           37                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           45                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077568                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094538                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             100552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            80.764659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   196.361503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   315.638497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.383519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.616481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           272977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          272977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1245                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               355727500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           355892000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          284.035810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   282.886390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.552512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.554757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.539062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               549664500     98.31%     98.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.67%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           559097500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         508572500     87.07%     87.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          491.170960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             158873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.798549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   319.372411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.335544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.623774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          156063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       156063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         156063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          131                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1282                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079621                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101708                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.078783                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.998515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             245386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            57.359981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.210964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.787551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.400803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.599194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15163                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1533                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1533                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               5408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             33                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  22831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       320256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       521488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  841744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            37093                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             52175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.029382                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.168876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50642     97.06%     97.06% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    1533      2.94%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               52175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6859                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3192                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3182                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             45                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              642                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           1245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  10409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       158976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       188952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  347928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            44681                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             51423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.063085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.243916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   48189     93.71%     93.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    3224      6.27%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               51423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests            10                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1827                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1827                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total                     21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total                     328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                            45387                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples             45091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                   43264     95.95%     95.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                    1827      4.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total               45091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17090                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6719                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6703                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              10163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4401                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        12833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        38383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  51216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       547392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      1334176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1881568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                            33194                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples             67189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.301804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                   60435     89.95%     89.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                    6738     10.03%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      16      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total               67189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6295                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3765.198302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.724861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1777.744185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.809040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    53.969505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   867.852633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1034.822939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.434020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.013176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.211878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.252642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.919238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              129873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             129873                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1053                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2502                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2502                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.889887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.889887                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.732614                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.637646                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.637646                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.740165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.732614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.743927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.740165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                1298                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3708.496825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.501541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   693.717877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1586.516760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   795.898916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   123.639344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.723928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.169365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.387333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.194311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.030185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.124200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.905395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865967                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses               56936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses              56936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1068                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               1836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          768                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              1836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1239                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          642                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1245                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           3438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          3438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.817757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142169                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.465969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.142169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.649795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 217                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements                   0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            2652.775940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs                     0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs                   0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                     nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1197.734786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   553.466421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.292416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.219971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.135124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.647650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.630859                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses                  85                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses                 85                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total                4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total               4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total             4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements               10543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3701.879723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                 19636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs               10543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.862468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1452.747719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   675.684549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   445.301872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   391.875833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   736.269750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.354675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.164962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.108716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.095673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.179753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.903779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              290566                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             290566                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2719                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               5615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              5615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          6414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1560                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            11338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9778                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           11338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4279                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          16953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         16953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.944485                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.364571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.571817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.571817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.668790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.364571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.771501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                3898                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              6998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4724                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         7647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         8828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        16479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        16109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 32588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       244544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       388928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       633488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1104976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           21248                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.485513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  21859     51.45%     51.45% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  20628     48.55%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42487                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  4741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           43709                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            46272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.934971                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.246579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   3009      6.50%      6.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  43263     93.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              46272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total                    20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total          264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total                    264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                           46607                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples            45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                     10      0.02%      0.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2                  45080     99.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total              45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              5433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                 4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp                4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8455                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port        16397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        16434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        32831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total         9825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total                 42656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       542720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       430944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       973664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       417280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total       417280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total                1390944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                           15416                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples            44023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.349204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.476724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                  28650     65.08%     65.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                  15373     34.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total              44023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4364                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.732626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           25                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.005729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.260847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.072360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.399167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.828803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.024948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        57556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        57556                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1685                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3757                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3757                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1182                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.154804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.087140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.407676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1.416537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.708259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     6.116128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.506204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.087980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.088534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.044266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.382258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.281638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25866                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1601                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           45                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          900                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements            1                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    13.162480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs            1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.587747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst           10                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.099234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.625000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.062500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.035921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses           76                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses           76                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         3771                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    14.485653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         3771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.024132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.865387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.282060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.486989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.748307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.102910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.304087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.205129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.030437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.171769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.193932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.905353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        93316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        93316                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total           17                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         5506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3965                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         5506                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2868                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2655                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         5523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         5523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999102                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks         1190                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total         1190                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4478                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.413207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.011836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.121117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.303189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.177479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.862665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.983307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.887446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.078004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.257570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.143949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.011092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.053917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.123957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.180465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.192375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        87449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        87449                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2848                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3885                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6160                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          554                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999298                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999698                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1206                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements         4436                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    12.924455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs           19                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs         4436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.004283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.496352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.076527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.330519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.089944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.931114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.718522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.020657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.058195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.807778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses        62337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses        62337                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          510                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total         2574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1932                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          577                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total         2574                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2068                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           67                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           62                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total         2577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998549                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks         3947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total         3947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33920                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8144                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28429                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4585                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62349                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12729                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301629                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17146                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160091                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220782                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62613                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34124                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28489                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230960.715516                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70668.284484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234289                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765711                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22544                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95871     57.75%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35084     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28769     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166010                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4538435508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3667905138.382865                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      870530369.617135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4538435394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4536073249.280060                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2362144.719940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82678                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170775                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4538842563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433680                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294534                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171889                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83518                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88371                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1649866037.161722                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2888976525.838277                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58287                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256282     56.81%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85778     19.02%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88438     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451107                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4367                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5165                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          132                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          286                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          5061                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         5061                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4367                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         8714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         8714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         2575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         2001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        14287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        14287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              27598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       388736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       388736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        59032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        57344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       116376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       428576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              934016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        26606                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.551031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.497395                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3               20244     44.90%     44.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4               24846     55.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.195316                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4195316056000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6465094872000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1440637                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1440637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              708410432                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1301056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5922.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8531672829                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8531672829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       369024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       294272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       296384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       249216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11607296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     54862592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        83968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        51648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          67814400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       369024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       296384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     11607296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        83968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     12356672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      9233152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9233152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         5766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         4631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         3894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst       181364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       857228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1059600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       144268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            144268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        87961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data        70143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        70646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        59403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2766727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     13077106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        20015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        12311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16164313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        87961                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        70646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2766727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        20015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2945349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2200824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2200824                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2200824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        87961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data        70143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        70646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        59403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2766727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     13077106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        20015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        12311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18365136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      7512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           7512512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks      7512512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7512512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       117383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             117383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks       117383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            117383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1790690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1790690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks        1790690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             1790690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks        1790690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1790690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             3581381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       482496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       505344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2043328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1378949696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       147904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     21773120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total        1403947136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2043328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         5952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total      2088576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    961785024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      961785024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         7539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         7896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        31927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     21546089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         2311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide       340205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           21936674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks     15027891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total          15027891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       115008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       120454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       487050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    328687917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        35255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide        5189864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            334646333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       487050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          497835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      229252102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           229252102                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      229252102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         6865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       115008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         2502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       120454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       487050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    328687917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        35255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide       5189864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           563898435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    4390                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     91404                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   19129     24.11%     24.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    369      0.47%     24.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      5.41%     29.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     89      0.11%     30.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  55456     69.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               79339                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    19122     44.56%     44.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     369      0.86%     45.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.01%     55.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      89      0.21%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   19033     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                42909                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4191803710500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               27675000      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14589500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3467581000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195524060000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.343209                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.540831                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         4      8.89%      8.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         5     11.11%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        3      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        2      4.44%     31.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        2      4.44%     35.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.22%     37.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        9     20.00%     57.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        2      4.44%     62.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.22%     64.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.22%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      2.22%     68.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.22%     71.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        8     17.78%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      4.44%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        2      4.44%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      2.22%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    45                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  179      0.21%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                69596     83.35%     83.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   8608     10.31%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4989      5.97%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  74      0.09%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      45      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 83499                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5170                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                230                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                230                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  230                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.044487                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.085185                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2046496500     87.93%     87.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           280931000     12.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     179                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            47641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          474.511214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2539058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            47641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.295649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   474.511214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.926780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7384137                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7384137                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2279913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2279913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1263134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1263134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        26926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29119                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3543047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3543047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3543047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3543047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        42986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        15612                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4870                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4870                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        58598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         58598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        58598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        58598                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2322899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2322899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1278746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1278746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        31384                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31384                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3601645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3601645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3601645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3601645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012209                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.153164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153164                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.072171                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072171                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.016270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            20091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            56097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7747368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            56097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           138.106637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.000717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21410749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        21410749                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10621163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10621163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10621163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10621163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     10621163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10621163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        56141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         56141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        56141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        56141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10677304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10677304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10677304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     10677304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     10677304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     10677304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks        56097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total            56097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    4385                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     78062                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   17880     26.35%     26.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      6.33%     32.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     88      0.13%     32.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  45583     67.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               67847                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    17877     44.64%     44.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.73%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      88      0.22%     55.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   17789     44.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                40050                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4192815224000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14423500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2272220000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195312371500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999832                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.590299                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.86%      2.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         4     11.43%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.57%     22.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      2.86%     25.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.86%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        1      2.86%     31.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        1      2.86%     34.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      2.86%     37.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        5     14.29%     51.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        1      2.86%     54.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::60                        2      5.71%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        9     25.71%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        3      8.57%     94.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       1      2.86%     97.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::136                       1      2.86%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    35                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  110      0.15%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      0.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                58943     81.59%     81.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   8600     11.90%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4520      6.26%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.06%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      13      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 72242                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              239                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                133                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               4392                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                141                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  133                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    8                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.589958                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.001821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.059194                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         269298000      0.01%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           160168000      0.00%      0.01% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        3783505674500     99.99%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     110                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            35596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          441.430936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1542660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            35596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            43.338016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   441.430936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.862170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          445                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5285803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5285803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1623425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1623425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       909569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        909569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        14503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14503                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2532994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         2532994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2532994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        2532994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        42567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        42567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        10267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1428                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        52834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         52834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        52834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        52834                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1665992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1665992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       919836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       919836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15994                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        15931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2585828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2585828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2585828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2585828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.025551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.011162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.032887                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032887                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.089637                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.089637                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            12139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            40609                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4174962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            40609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           102.808786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15613793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15613793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7745965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7745965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7745965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7745965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      7745965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7745965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        40621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         40621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        40621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7786586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7786586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7786586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7786586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      7786586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7786586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        40609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            40609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1254                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   6776982                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  102403     40.98%     40.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    376      0.15%     41.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      1.72%     42.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      4      0.00%     42.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 142803     57.15%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              249882                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   102401     48.88%     48.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     376      0.18%     49.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296      2.05%     51.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       4      0.00%     51.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  102397     48.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               209474                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4182689177500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               26884000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 553000      0.00%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            12596986500      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195524105000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.717051                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.838292                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      2469     82.05%     82.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        15      0.50%     82.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        52      1.73%     84.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.03%     84.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                      308     10.24%     94.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                      105      3.49%     98.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        3      0.10%     98.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.03%     98.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.03%     98.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::60                        1      0.03%     98.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       40      1.33%     99.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        6      0.20%     99.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        3      0.10%     99.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::136                       1      0.03%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.03%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.03%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  3009                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  264      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  559      0.01%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               206344      4.24%      4.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                  10557      0.22%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      4.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   38862      0.80%      5.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                3040      0.06%      5.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%      5.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique            4607796     94.67%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               4867443                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            39420                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              38528                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              38527                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                38528                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.977347                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.988544                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       78746920500      1.88%      1.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        4117553887000     98.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     559                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         93740729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.694790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         3117742434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         93740729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.259208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.005564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.689226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       6516959696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      6516959696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1970729220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1970729220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1111840904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total    1111840904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     17592650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17592650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     17686041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17686041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   3082570124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      3082570124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   3082570124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     3082570124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51094042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     51094042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     42562944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     42562944                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        96999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        96999                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     93656986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      93656986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     93656986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     93656986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2021823262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2021823262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1154403848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1154403848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17689649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17689649                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     17687773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17687773                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   3176227110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   3176227110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   3176227110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   3176227110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.036870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.005483                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005483                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     81619124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         81619124                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2848750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         8241994804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2848750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2893.196947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.010865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.989135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      16747502792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     16747502792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369478268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     8369478268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369478268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      8369478268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   8369478268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     8369478268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2848752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2848752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2848752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372327020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8372327020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372327020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   8372327020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   8372327020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   8372327020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2848750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2848750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                    4392                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     76481                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   17648     26.11%     26.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   4296      6.36%     32.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    181      0.27%     32.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  45461     67.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               67586                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    17646     44.38%     44.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    4296     10.80%     55.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     181      0.46%     55.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   17641     44.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                39764                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            4193021640000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              210504000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               21555500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2266546000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        4195520245500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999887                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.388047                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.588347                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  123      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.01%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                58778     81.69%     81.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   8596     11.95%     93.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4419      6.14%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  11      0.02%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                 15      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 71952                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4542                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 28                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 28                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   28                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.006165                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.012254                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       10020231500     99.98%     99.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             2258000      0.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     123                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            20417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          478.237045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            1344488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            65.851398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   478.237045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.934057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.934057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.916016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4818500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4818500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1498581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1498581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       826454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        826454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2325035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         2325035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2325035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        2325035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        32387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6079                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          385                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          385                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        38466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         38466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        38466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        38466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1530968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1530968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       832533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       832533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        14061                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2363501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2363501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2363501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2363501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.007302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.027381                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.101808                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.101808                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             4285                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            34377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            3354366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            34377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            97.575879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14271793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        14271793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7084331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7084331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7084331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         7084331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      7084331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        7084331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        34377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         34377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        34377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7118708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7118708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7118708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      7118708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      7118708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      7118708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.004829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        34377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            34377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                2900                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 24010752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       2962                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              400921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             400921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        38458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        18048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        63736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       752218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       752218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  815954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       153832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         4058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        10152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       172072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     24021864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     24021864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 24193936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               376109                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               376109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              3384981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             3384981                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              941                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       375168                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               375184                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests        225612                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       115024                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           85                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          141552                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       141539                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             106221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20091                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        56048                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27518                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             8981                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           2265                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           11246                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          56141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         47856                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       168330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       195297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 363627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7180096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      4816995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                11997091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         71931371                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          72151986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.044288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                72010224     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                  141749      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      13      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            72151986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        171614                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        80708                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           35                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          412877                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       412850                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           27                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              83714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        40597                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            23434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3063                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          40621                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         43093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       121839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       153925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 275764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      5197952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4031008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 9228960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         72961080                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          73127898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.005647                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.074942                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                72714939     99.44%     99.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  412932      0.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      27      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            73127898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     193193948                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     96594566                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           77                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        21708524                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     21708481                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           43                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                3887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           54043680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              11074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             11074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     81619124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2848698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         12121580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            5085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          42559591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         42559591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2848752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      51191041                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      8546202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    281282060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total              289828262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    364636800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side  11223722201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total             11588359001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         76485089                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         269683373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.080497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.272062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               247974693     91.95%     91.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                21708637      8.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      43      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           269683373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests        129447                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        59688                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          341370                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       341366                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                   4                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              67153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               4404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              4404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean        34375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             3469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4894                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          34377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         32772                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       103129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       109783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                 212912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      4400128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side      2573836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 6973964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                         47514741                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples          47637398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.007166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.084351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                47296020     99.28%     99.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                  341374      0.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total            47637398                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               18776                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3902.027393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 50023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               18776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.664199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   627.937501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4.005892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     7.661619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  1948.065100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  1314.357280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.153305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.475602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.320888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.952643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.963867                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses             1842290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses            1842290                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        20091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        56048                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        56048                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1573                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1573                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        49917                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        49917                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28800                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        28800                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        49917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              80290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        49917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             80290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8981                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8981                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          5058                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6218                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19056                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19056                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            30332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         6218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           30332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        20091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        56048                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        56048                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8981                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8981                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2265                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6631                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56135                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        56135                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        47856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        47856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total         110622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        56135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total        110622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.762781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.762781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.110769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.110769                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.398195                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.398195                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.110769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.442564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.274195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.110769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.442564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.274195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               18557                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3750.536875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 27899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               18557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.503422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   654.534578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.000553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1201.837790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1890.163351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.159798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.293417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.461466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912842                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1415917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1415917                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        40597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        40597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1103                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        35815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        35815                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        20452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        35815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        21555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              57370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        35815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        21555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             57370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3063                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4806                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        22641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        28742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            33548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        28742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           33548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        40597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        40597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3063                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3063                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        40621                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        43093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        43093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        50297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          90918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        40621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        50297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         90918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.846891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.846891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.118313                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.118313                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.525399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.525399                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.118313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.571446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.368992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.118313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.571446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           8827                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                8827                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements            23192569                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3960.829293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs             127425121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs            23192569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                5.494222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1546.663758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.816258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.571661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   109.744539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2303.033077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.377603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.026793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.562264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.966999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2664                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses          1611319879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses         1611319879                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     81619124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     81619124                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2848698                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total      2848698                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     30699247                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total        30699247                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2634676                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2634676                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     40198510                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     40198510                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2634676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     70897757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total           73532433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2634676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     70897757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total          73532433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3353                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3353                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11860344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total      11860344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       214076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10992531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10992531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22852875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total         23066951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22852875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total        23066951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     81619124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     81619124                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2848698                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2848698                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3353                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3353                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     42559591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     42559591                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2848752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51191041                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     51191041                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     93750632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       96599384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2848752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     93750632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      96599384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.278676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.278676                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.075147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.075147                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.214735                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.214735                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.075147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.243762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.238790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.075147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.243762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.238790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks       15212200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total            15212200                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                3781                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            3785.382025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                  6843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                3781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                1.809839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1085.078870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     4.828555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     3.654527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1306.306090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1385.513982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.264912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.318922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.338260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.924166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923096                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses             1059821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses            1059821                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        34375                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total        34375                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          359                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total             359                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        32958                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        32958                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        15903                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        15903                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        32958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        16262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total              49220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        32958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        16262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total             49220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3469                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3469                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total          2251                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1419                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16869                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        19120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total            20539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        19120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total           20539                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4285                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        34375                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total        34375                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3469                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3469                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        34377                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        32772                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        32772                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          69759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        34377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        35382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         69759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.862452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.862452                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.041278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.041278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.514738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.514738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.041278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.540388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.294428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.041278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.540388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks           1440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                1440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               6115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1030637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             25753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            25753                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       487839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          738943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          21757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            69207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           68239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1024522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       375168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        71364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        27299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       114885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2982144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        47514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      3029658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       105040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1023285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1128325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               4272868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1486016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       797696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44003                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      2327715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     74802688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       128069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     74930757                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2241536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     21830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     24072000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              101330472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        69199640                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         71967197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.961527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.192335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2768794      3.85%      3.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               69198403     96.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           71967197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             27447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        27447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       102616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       102616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                102616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      2746400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2746400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2746400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        72944109                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         72993528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  60189      0.08%      0.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               72933339     99.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           72993528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq               3887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          11210494                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq             11074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp            11074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15212200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7841832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           5286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq         11860143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp        11860143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11206607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port       352149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     68875877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     69228026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total              69228026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     15025024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side   2434885593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total   2449910617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total             2449910617                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        53294710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         99422924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.535912                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1               46141029     46.41%     46.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               53281895     53.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           99422924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadReq                  4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp          10026554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              4404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             4404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15028202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6895378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          2146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq         11931311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp        11930190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     10026550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         9289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        53699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        62988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     65797032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     65797032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              65860020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       268352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side      1173132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total      1441484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   2365629952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total   2365629952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total             2367071436                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                         3643736                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples         47533268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.076437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.265697                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1               43899946     92.36%     92.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                3633322      7.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total           47533268                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       350331                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.868860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       350331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.540349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.312853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.015388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.783772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.144553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      5951840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      5951840                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       343571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       343571                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           58                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           59                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          348                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          287                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          287                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5861                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7204                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       340160                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       340160                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8590                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          893                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9933                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       343571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       343571                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          287                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          452                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          939                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7262                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       340160                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       340160                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997135                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997135                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998297                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.951012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.951012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.951012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       343553                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       343553                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        21584                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     5.280325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        21584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.020710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.160660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.255783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.863881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.072541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.241493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.330020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       488768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       488768                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3074                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3074                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        22639                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27445                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        28727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        33533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        28727                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        33533                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3074                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3074                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        27447                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        28731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        33537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        28731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        33537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         8827                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         8827                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements     26131601                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.558537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs       166114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs     26131601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.006357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.358317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.006636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.500415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses    405011604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses    405011604                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15094817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     15094817                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        51426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total        51426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       108071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       108261                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       159497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total       159687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          190                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       159497                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total       159687                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total         3554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11691334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total     11691334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       213886                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     10884460                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11098346                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       213886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22575794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total     22789680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       213886                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     22575794                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total     22789680                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15094817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15094817                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         3554                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1732                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     11742760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total     11742760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10992531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11206607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     22735291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total     22949367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       214076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     22735291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total     22949367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999112                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks     14935330                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total     14935330                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         2071                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     4.497867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs          383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         2071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.184935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.292198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.304989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.900679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.018262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.019062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.243792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.281117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.187500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses       204453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses       204453                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1196                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1196                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total         1281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total        17470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16144                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total        17470                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2883                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2883                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1196                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1196                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        16189                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total        17470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total        17470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks          312                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total          312                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements      1103235                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.031717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        34202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs      1103235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.031002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.633596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.008619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.271769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.768980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.331958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.227100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.141986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.548061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.020747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses     16838833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses     16838833                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       113825                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       113825                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1045                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1045                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11451                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4405                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        23373                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total        24418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         6941                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          551                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12496                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4405                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total        24418                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2777                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1842                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2761                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7380                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1085                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          948                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3093                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        61103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        63219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       181364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       802892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3913                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       998307                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       181364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       863995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total      1061526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5055                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       181364                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       863995                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total      1061526                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       113825                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       113825                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2777                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1842                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2761                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7380                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1085                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1060                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          949                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3094                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        62148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        64264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11136                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       181915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       814343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1021680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       181915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       876491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total      1085944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       181915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       876491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total      1085944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998946                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999677                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.983739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997630                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.376706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996971                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.470426                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.421390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.539900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.977514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.997630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.421390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.985743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.989442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.539900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.977514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks       107270                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total       107270                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     25133595                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.557237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs       150036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     25133595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.005970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.310254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.010741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.009077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.061714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     8.165124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.456891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.510320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses    390392994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses    390392994                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15174197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     15174197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        47281                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total        47285                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       100650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       100680                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       147931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total       147965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       147931                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total       147965                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          350                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          766                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4212                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     11581318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       340142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total     11927954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4482                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      9965769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10008262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     21547087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       340206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     21936216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7688                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8694                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        31927                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     21547087                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       340206                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     21936216                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15174197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15174197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          350                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          152                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          421                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     11628599                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       340142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total     11975239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4485                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31943                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10066419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10108942                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     21695018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       340206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     22084181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        31943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     21695018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       340206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     22084181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995934                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997969                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999331                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999499                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks     15026762                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total     15026762                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits             2354515                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses              1938                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses          111465                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits            1316100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              164                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          51543                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             3670615                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses              2102                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          163008                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits            1622089                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses             1039                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses        1623128                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              8391052588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           10675192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps             10675192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses     10247061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses         11271                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             479579                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       803614                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts            10247061                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                11271                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads     13966908                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      7995475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6924                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6830                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              3680057                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts            2358858                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts           1321199                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      8380378101.099012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      10674486.900987                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.001272                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.998728                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                  1469794                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        69475      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          6420718     60.13%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           37215      0.35%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2726      0.03%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            517      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         2426193     22.72%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite        1329927     12.46%     96.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        390533      3.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total          10677304                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits             1681019                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               922                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           70886                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             940010                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               90                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  15                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          32793                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits             2621029                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses              1012                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   15                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses          103679                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits            1241349                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              409                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses        1241758                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              8390628680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            7785559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps              7785559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses      7465782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses         10592                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             303285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts       598251                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts             7465782                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                10592                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads     10264451                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes      5858632                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         6733                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         6666                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs              2627741                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts            1682908                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            944833                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      8382846072.183305                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      7782607.816696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000928                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999072                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                  1048614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass        55234      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu          4713740     60.54%     61.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           28031      0.36%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           3038      0.04%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            581      0.01%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead         1715253     22.03%     83.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         945197     12.14%     95.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        325512      4.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total           7786586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          2034565780                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           1590411                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      2020183454                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits         1172135350                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           311861                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  20                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses     1132121558                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          3206701130                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           1902272                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   32                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      3152305012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         8238793723                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             2559                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     8238796282                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              8391049475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         8370424716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           8370424716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   7901706585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     337730742                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls          136149929                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts   1098966451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          7901706585                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            337730742                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads  11143488755                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   5489075320                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    418316296                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    216514163                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           3213560694                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         2041107221                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts        1172453473                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      18304598.615713                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      8372744876.384287                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.997819                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.002181                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches               1291892058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    195372275      2.33%      2.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       4597398571     54.91%     57.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        58811496      0.70%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      190510297      2.28%     60.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       47040492      0.56%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            181      0.00%     60.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      24039997      0.29%     61.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        1515316      0.02%     61.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       1183215      0.01%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      2058941437     24.59%     85.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite     1172491956     14.00%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      25021787      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        8372327020                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits             1544343                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                69                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses             504                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             850641                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               20                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            392                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits             2394984                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                89                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   11                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses             896                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             921080                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               40                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         921120                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              8391044883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            7118608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              7118608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses      6822626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          1620                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             288958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts       519836                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts             6822626                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 1620                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      9366732                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes      5391860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          813                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          812                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs              2400534                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts            1545106                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            855428                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      8383930177.014470                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      7114705.985530                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   951640                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass        43181      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu          4306080     60.49%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult           27170      0.38%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             71      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              9      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead         1574101     22.11%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         855575     12.02%     95.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        312518      4.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           7118708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       11153075                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          19866                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         19866                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15288022                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      7648760                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9859                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4643                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        14502                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      12041592                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp     12041592                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     11149184                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1049354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1049354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        70538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        30021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       100559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      3015399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     65176683                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     68192082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        52857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        52857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           69394852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     44393344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     44393344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1654944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side      1091200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      2746144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     75131289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   2339327168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total   2414458457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1173196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total      1173196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          2462771141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     26609528                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      72971940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.364489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.481287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3            46374448     63.55%     63.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4            26597492     36.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        72971940                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.375456                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3375456002500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9840550874500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1692601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1692601                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              171754601                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1304260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19652.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 33264311336                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   33264311336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5220928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     15865792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2389760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      7695936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4528320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     10264256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3447808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      6313280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          55726080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5220928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2389760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      4528320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3447808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     15586816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      7572032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7572032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        81577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       247903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        37340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       120249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        70755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       160379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        53872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        98645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             870720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       118313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            118313                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1546733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      4700340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       707981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2279969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1341543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      3040850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1021435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1870349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16509201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1546733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       707981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1341543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1021435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4617692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        2243262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             2243262                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        2243262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1546733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      4700340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       707981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2279969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1341543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      3040850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1021435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1870349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18752462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    985420288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    990101696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1091610624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    979082880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total        4046215488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks    420996480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      420996480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     15397192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     15470339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     17056416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     15298170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total           63222117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks      6578070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           6578070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    291936937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    293323834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    323396490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    290059441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total           1198716702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks      124722846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           124722846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks      124722846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    291936937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    293323834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    323396490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    290059441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total          1323439549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5094784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   1247365376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4148032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data   1194718080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5837376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   1293601920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4295232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data   1229652480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total        4984729664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      5094784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4148032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      5837376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      4295232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total     19375424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks   1576326016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total     1576326016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        79606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     19490084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        64813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     18667470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        91209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     20212530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        67113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     19213320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::tsunami.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total           77886401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks     24630094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total          24630094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1509362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    369539812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1228880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    353942720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1729359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    383237678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1272489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    364292255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::tsunami.ide           4854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total           1476757410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1509362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1228880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1729359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1272489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total         5740091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      466996464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           466996464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      466996464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1509362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    369539812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1228880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    353942720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1729359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    383237678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1272489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    364292255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::tsunami.ide          4854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total          1943753874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     707                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  19473252                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   17156     24.61%     24.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     80      0.11%     24.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      4.96%     29.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    463      0.66%     30.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  48562     69.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               69717                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    17156     45.32%     45.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      80      0.21%     45.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.13%     54.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     463      1.22%     55.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   16701     44.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                37856                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3371606995000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6000000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               55156500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3618535500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375456031000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.343911                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.542995                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  415      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  863      1.11%      1.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                60880     77.96%     79.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6917      8.86%     88.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4838      6.20%     94.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 838      1.07%     95.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 78089                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5701                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4050                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4050                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.710402                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.830684                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      4440939820000     58.68%     58.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        3127697220000     41.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     863                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         56119314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.550517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2293441999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         56119314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.867249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   510.550517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.997169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4753220313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4753220313                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1568229402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1568229402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    724070566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     724070566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18786                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        28465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2292299968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2292299968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2292299968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2292299968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     52267459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     52267459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3894572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3894572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15057                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        15057                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5289                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5289                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     56162031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      56162031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     56162031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     56162031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   1620496861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1620496861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    727965138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    727965138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        33843                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        33754                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2348461999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2348461999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2348461999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2348461999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.444907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.444907                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.156693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.156693                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15958052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total         15958052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements         11778835                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         6181174404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11778835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           524.769589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12540366921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     12540366921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6252515208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      6252515208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   6252515208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     6252515208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11778835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total      11778835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total     11778835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264294043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6264294043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264294043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   6264294043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   6264294043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   6264294043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11778835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total         11778835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     853                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  13750883                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   16898     27.23%     27.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      5.57%     32.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    458      0.74%     33.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41240     66.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               62052                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    16898     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.28%     54.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     458      1.23%     55.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   16444     44.14%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                37256                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3372496586500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               53894500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2708989000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375428814000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.398739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.600400                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  436      0.62%      0.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  863      1.22%      1.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                53388     75.69%     77.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   6925      9.82%     87.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4752      6.74%     94.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 832      1.18%     95.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 70534                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4334                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               3897                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               1281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               4313                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 3897                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  416                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.995155                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.324746                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.906854                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        3073073000      0.08%      0.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        2983128948000     78.78%     78.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        800595855500     21.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     863                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         48592571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.722692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2230069687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         48592571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.893223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.722692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.993599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4603969771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4603969771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1523711623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1523711623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    705287763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     705287763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        15545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17242                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2228999386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2228999386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2228999386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2228999386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     44915140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     44915140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3712789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3712789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7394                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5682                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5682                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48627929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      48627929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48627929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     48627929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   1568626763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1568626763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    709000552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    709000552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        22924                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        22924                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2277627315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2277627315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2277627315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2277627315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.322333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     13107309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         13107309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements         11650543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         5694636636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11650543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           488.787230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      11958292701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     11958292701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961670536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     5961670536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961670536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      5961670536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   5961670536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     5961670536                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11650543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total      11650543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total     11650543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973321079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   5973321079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973321079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   5973321079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   5973321079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   5973321079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11650543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total         11650543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     652                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  16296305                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  114225     44.45%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.00%     44.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      1.34%     45.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    426      0.17%     45.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 138852     54.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              256963                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   114225     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.00%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      1.49%     50.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     426      0.18%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  113815     49.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               231926                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3368159718000     99.78%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               48237500      0.00%     99.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7078322000      0.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375455907500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.819686                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.902566                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        82      0.11%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        4      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                   23920     33.29%     33.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                   47840     66.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 71856                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  530      0.15%      0.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  892      0.26%      0.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               164074     47.87%     48.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6970      2.03%     50.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   89006     25.97%     76.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               73211     21.36%     97.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               8056      2.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                342739                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            89898                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              88343                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              88343                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                88343                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.982703                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.991276                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      244988464000      7.26%      7.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        3130467443500     92.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     892                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         51735078                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.340913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         2363191427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         51735078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.678706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.340913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.996760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.982422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4881506446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4881506446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1591015060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1591015060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    771819353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     771819353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       117462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       117462                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       130800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       130800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2362834413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      2362834413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2362834413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     2362834413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     44795939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     44795939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      6966783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6966783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5894                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5894                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51762722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      51762722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     51762722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     51762722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   1635810999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1635810999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    778786136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    778786136                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       136742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       136742                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       136694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       136694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2414597135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2414597135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2414597135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2414597135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.140995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140995                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.043118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16779472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         16779472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements         11233517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         6430071063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11233517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           572.400528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12640507267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     12640507267                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303403358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6303403358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303403358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      6303403358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   6303403358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     6303403358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11233517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total      11233517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total     11233517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314636875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6314636875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314636875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   6314636875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   6314636875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   6314636875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.001779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11233517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total         11233517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     697                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  21171521                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   17401     27.49%     27.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   3456      5.46%     32.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    504      0.80%     33.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  41948     66.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               63309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    17401     45.36%     45.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    3456      9.01%     54.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     504      1.31%     55.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   17002     44.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                38363                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3372465814000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              169344000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               56901500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2736711000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3375428770500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405311                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.605964                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  422      0.58%      0.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  890      1.23%      1.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                54232     75.12%     76.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   6915      9.58%     86.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    5160      7.15%     93.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                1239      1.72%     95.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               3338      4.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 72196                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6050                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               4459                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               4459                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 4459                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.737025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848606                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      4439424141000     58.71%     58.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        3121563848500     41.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     890                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         53067958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.309474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         2280753039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         53067958                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            42.977969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   510.309474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.996698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4718831697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4718831697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   1560649630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1560649630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    719047426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     719047426                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        16604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2279697056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      2279697056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2279697056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     2279697056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     48930346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48930346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      4183719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4183719                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7987                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     53114065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      53114065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     53114065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     53114065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   1609579976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1609579976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    723231145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    723231145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        24591                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        24578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2332811121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2332811121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2332811121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2332811121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.005785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.324794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.264749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.264749                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15126906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         15126906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements         11729410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         6127557565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs         11729410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           522.409700                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      12512723636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     12512723636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238767703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     6238767703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238767703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      6238767703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   6238767703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     6238767703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     11729410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total      11729410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total     11729410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250497113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6250497113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250497113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   6250497113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   6250497113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   6250497113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks     11729410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total         11729410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  524                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 524                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               18079                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              18079                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        35044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        36686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       140176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       141625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   158041                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     135859361                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     67919405                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        65465378                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     65465378                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 476                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           64061827                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4653                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15958052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11778835                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         40161262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            15967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           21256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3878605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3878605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       11778835                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      52282516                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     35336505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    168494326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              203830831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   1507690880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   4615663659                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              6123354539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        409135949                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         544947128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.120132                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.325115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               479481750     87.99%     87.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                65465378     12.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           544947128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     120534662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     60260704                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            8                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        65243177                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     65243172                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           56573077                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4348                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4348                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13107309                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11650538                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         35485259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            11908                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3700881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3700881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       11650543                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      44922534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     34951624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    145883274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              180834898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   1491269184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   3950801120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              5442070304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        410497833                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         530999605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.122869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.328286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               465756412     87.71%     87.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                65243188     12.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           530999605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests     125990008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     62991187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           25                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        37688611                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     37688601                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  44                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           56048780                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               4483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              4483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     16779472                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11233498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         34955600                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5894                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6950085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6950085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       11233517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      44815219                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     33700532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    155319918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total              189020450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side   1437888960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side   4386901206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total              5824790166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                        346324749                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples         472268353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.079804                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.270989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0               434579692     92.02%     92.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                37688651      7.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                      10      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total           472268353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests     129655337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     64814810                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        29734342                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     29734342                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           60667743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15126906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean     11729391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         37941051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            10935                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           6507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17442                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4172784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4172784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       11729410                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      48938333                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side     35188211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side    159333753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total              194521964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side   1501363264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side   4367268184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total              5868631448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                        312799580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples         442411407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.067210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.250385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0               412677025     93.28%     93.28% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                29734382      6.72%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total           442411407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            35458554                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4059.654288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              96332726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            35458554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                2.716770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   817.344747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.080738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.141324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   181.417842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3060.669636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.199547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.044291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.747234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.991127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          1126246544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         1126246544                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15958052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total     15958052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11778835                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total     11778835                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1830718                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1830718                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11617627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     11617627                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     19145309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     19145309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11617627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     20976027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           32593654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst     11617627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     20976027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          32593654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15967                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        15967                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2047887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2047887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       161208                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       161208                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     33137207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     33137207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       161208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     35185094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         35346302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       161208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     35185094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        35346302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15958052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15958052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11778835                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11778835                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15967                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        15967                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5289                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3878605                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3878605                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11778835                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     52282516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     52282516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     56161121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       67939956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst     11778835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     56161121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      67939956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.527996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.527996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013686                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013686                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.633810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.633810                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.626503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.520258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.626503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        7207972                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             7207972                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            34563979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4057.296012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              82150822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            34563979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.376776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   853.299133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.093496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   158.205883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3045.697500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.208325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.743578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.990551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          1002575561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         1002575561                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     13107309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total     13107309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11650538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total     11650538                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1784818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1784818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11531758                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     11531758                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     12479816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     12479816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11531758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     14264634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           25796392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst     11531758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     14264634                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          25796392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        11908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        11908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1916063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1916063                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       118785                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     32442718                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     32442718                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34358781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         34477566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34358781                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        34477566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     13107309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     13107309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11650538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11650538                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        11908                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        11908                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3700881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3700881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11650543                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     44922534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     44922534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     48623415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       60273958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst     11650543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     48623415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      60273958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.517732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.517732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010196                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.010196                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.722193                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.722193                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.706630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.572014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.706630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.572014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        6969626                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             6969626                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements            37794471                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            4060.384042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs              81184580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs            37794471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                2.148054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   835.279530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   135.333378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3089.771135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.203926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.033040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.754339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.991305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2618                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987305                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses          1052706410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses         1052706410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     16779472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total     16779472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11233498                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total     11233498                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2082213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total         2082213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11062473                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     11062473                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     12185216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     12185216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11062473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     14267429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total           25329902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     11062473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     14267429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total          25329902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16698                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        16698                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4867872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total       4867872                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       171044                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     32630003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     32630003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     37497875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total         37668919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     37497875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total        37668919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     16779472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     16779472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11233498                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11233498                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16698                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16698                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6950085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      6950085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11233517                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     44815219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     44815219                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51765304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total       62998821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     11233517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51765304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total      62998821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.700405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.700405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015226                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015226                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.728101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.728101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.724382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.597931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.015226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.724382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.597931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks       10090986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total            10090986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements            34913295                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            4059.190336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs              90533619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs            34913295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs                2.593099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   851.427933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.069353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.052034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   146.505871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3061.135145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.207868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.035768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.747347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.991013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987061                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses          1076363477                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses         1076363477                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     15126906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     15126906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     11729391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total     11729391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2118331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total         2118331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11598857                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total     11598857                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     16295321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     16295321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11598857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     18413652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total           30012509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst     11598857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     18413652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total          30012509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        10935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2054453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total       2054453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       130553                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       130553                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     32643012                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     32643012                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       130553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     34697465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total         34828018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       130553                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     34697465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total        34828018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     15126906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     15126906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     11729391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total     11729391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        10935                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        10935                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      4172784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4172784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total     11729410                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     48938333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     48938333                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     53111117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total       64840527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst     11729410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     53111117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total      64840527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.492346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.492346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011130                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011130                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.667023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.667023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.653299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.537133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.011130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.653299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.537133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks        7077183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total             7077183                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          33839280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             17823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            17823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7279718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        28207339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           30892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          33436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2061986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2061114                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     33838760                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       894299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    105002752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    105907309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1470689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        26428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1497117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             107405206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     24766720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   2698706240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        36587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   2723509547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     40005312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       105038                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     40110350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             2763635513                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                       372720025                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        444297154                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.838803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.367713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2               71619440     16.12%     16.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3              372677714     83.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          444297154                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          32561503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6969626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        27474010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           12313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          17995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1915658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1915658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     32561503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    103442644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    103442644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total             103442644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side   2652629152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   2652629152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total             2652629152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                       375935571                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        444839756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.845016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.361890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               68943140     15.50%     15.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2              375896616     84.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          444839756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 44                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp          76499836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq              4483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp             4483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     13449545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict        70348777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16719                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          22609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7334817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7334817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     76499792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     51169237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     61855575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    113024812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port    138497004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total    138497004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total             251521816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port   1297659328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side   1759009238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total   3056668566                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port   3169552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total   3169552832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total             6226221398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                       216208704                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples        383808124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.563167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.495994                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1              167660076     43.68%     43.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2              216148048     56.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total          383808124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp          87266652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq              4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp             4339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     25701614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict        66865341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           37568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         13079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          31691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6211275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6197691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     87266652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     57722563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side     46553131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total    104275694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    175324547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    175324547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total             279600241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   1620491904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side   1061475096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total   2681967000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port   4944688960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total   4944688960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total             7626655960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                       161090089                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples        347469549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.463573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1              186391950     53.64%     53.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2              161077599     46.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total          347469549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     40112943                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.670392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        11309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     40112943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.000282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.565627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.085121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    10.019642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.347852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.626228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses    602062465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses    602062465                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7161405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      7161405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2794                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2794                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total         3032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3032                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total         3032                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         7700                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2042367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2042367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     32881090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     32960725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     34923457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     35003092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     34923457                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     35003092                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7161405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7161405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         7700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2206                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2042605                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2042605                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     32883884                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     32963519                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     34926489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     35006124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     34926489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     35006124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      7158358                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      7158358                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     39510915                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.419022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        17290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     39510915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.000438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.422458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.217047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     9.779517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.338904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.611220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    592954721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    592954721                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6969626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6969626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          604                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2402                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total         2402                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        12313                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1915054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      1915054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     32440920                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     32559705                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34355974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     34474759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     34355974                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     34474759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6969626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6969626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        12313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5682                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1915658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1915658                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     32442718                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     32561503                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     34358376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     34477161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       118785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     34358376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     34477161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks      6967217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total      6967217                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements     25531812                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.506333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs        22608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs     25531812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.273668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.400062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    11.832603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.204604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.739538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses    357169631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses    357169631                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6871475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6871475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1433                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total         1433                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4276                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total         5709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5709                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total         5709                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total        16712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1926176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total      1926176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     18509560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     18680604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20435736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total     20606780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20435736                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total     20606780                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6871475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6871475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        16712                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        16712                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         5894                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1927609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1927609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     18513836                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     18684880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     20441445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total     20612489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       171044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     20441445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total     20612489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999771                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks      6866113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total      6866113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements     15819489                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.417240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs        16015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs     15819489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.001012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.230854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.486790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     8.699596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.389428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.030424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.543725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses    264764177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses    264764177                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1071520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1071520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1745                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_hits::total         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1751                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_hits::total         1751                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4816                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       754528                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total       754528                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     14693767                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     14757207                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15448295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total     15511735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15448295                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total     15511735                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1071520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1071520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3507                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       754534                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total       754534                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14695512                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     14758952                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15450046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total     15513486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15450046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total     15513486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks      1070023                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total      1070023                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       603649                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.936077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       181670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       603649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.300953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.346644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.276419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.864792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.544178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.870635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.603642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.429766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.334165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.017276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.241550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.034011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.241915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.037728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.089360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      9365131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      9365131                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        74415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        74415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        16607                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64371                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32694                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         9568                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       170059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        16607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         9568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total       170069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        16607                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        64371                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         9064                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32698                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         9568                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37761                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total       170069                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3088                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3532                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1472                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8092                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1405                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          540                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4077                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1321                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        13238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        37340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       124471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       153947                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        53872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        99956                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       540341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        37340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       126140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       164195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        53872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       101277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       553579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        37340                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       126140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70755                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       164195                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        53872                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       101277                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       553579                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        74415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        74415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3089                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3532                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1472                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8093                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2134                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1405                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          541                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4080                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1669                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        13248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        53947                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       188842                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       186641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       137711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       710400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        53947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       190511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       196893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       139038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       723648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        53947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       190511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        79819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       196893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        63440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       139038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       723648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999676                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999876                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999063                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999265                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692161                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.659128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.886443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.824829                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.849180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.725839                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.760615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.662114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.886443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.833930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.849180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.764984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.692161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.662114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.886443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.833930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.849180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.764984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        71506                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        71506                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements     47057763                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.393071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs         3896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs     47057763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle 6523815263000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.497811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.597942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.476705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.820612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.406113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.162371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.154794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.238788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses    788186062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses    788186062                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3359038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3359038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          676                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          136                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          173                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_hits::total          677                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       805844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       908346                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       752769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::total      2466959                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     14591348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     14561993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     14545404                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     43698745                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     15397192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     15470339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15298173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::total     46165704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     15397192                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     15470339                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     15298173                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::total     46165704                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3359038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3359038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       805845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       908346                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       752769                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2466960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     14591715                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     14562129                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14545577                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     43699421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15397560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     15470475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15298346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::total     46166381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15397560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     15470475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15298346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::total     46166381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999988                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::writebacks      3358559                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::total      3358559                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements     73112048                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.779132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs        13882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs     73112048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.112188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.079291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.443587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.061448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.607893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.056456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.418268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.194512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.277724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.225493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.003529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.276142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses   1011160087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses   1011160087                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     18628258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total     18628258                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total          465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2074                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           25                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1427                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total         4633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2100                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          620                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1847                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total         4633                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1693                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2425                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7455                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total        11573                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1230235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       997634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1915127                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total      4143252                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     18275928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        64813                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     17672341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     18309190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     54493087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19506163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        64813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18669975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20224317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total     58636339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        79606                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     19506163                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        64813                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     18669975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        91209                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     20224317                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total     58636339                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     18628258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     18628258                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1693                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7455                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        11573                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1230261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       997653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1915547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4143717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     18278002                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        64838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     17672942                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91225                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     18310617                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     54497255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19508263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        64838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18670595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     20226164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total     58640972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        79631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     19508263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        64838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     18670595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        91225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     20226164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total     58640972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999614                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999924                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks     18624431                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total     18624431                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          1609353089                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses          17032620                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      1624365258                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          728001471                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses          2358300                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      729189522                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          2337354560                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses          19390920                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      2353554780                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         6256325449                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              244                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     6256325693                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              6750912712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         6244903123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           6244903123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   3711896170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    4384004692                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           29064601                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    167433436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          3711896170                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           4384004692                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   8730496403                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1463935150                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   5454838985                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   3712018020                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           2367930494                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         1637563800                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         730366694                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      486618475.961745                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      6264294236.038256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.927918                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.072082                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                206275654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    102669054      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1165170373     18.60%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult           36887      0.00%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd     1200739123     19.17%     39.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp       55004189      0.88%     40.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       11137120      0.18%     40.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult    1154819217     18.43%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        7542142      0.12%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       4916713      0.08%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      1637625042     26.14%     85.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      730374865     11.66%     96.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     194259318      3.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        6264294043                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          1561269901                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses          11822813                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      1571521194                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          709025651                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses          1853375                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      709967536                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          2270295552                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses          13676188                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      2281488730                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         5967114751                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              249                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     5967115000                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              6750858481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         5959644891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           5959644891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   3530595034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    4248328040                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           28346610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    154474147                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          3530595034                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           4248328040                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   8394730260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1353251958                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   5275507510                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   3597538746                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           2291358478                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         1580472515                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         710885963                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      777585364.937106                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      5973273116.062894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.884817                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.115183                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                192306716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     80898556      1.35%      1.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1111762487     18.61%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult           29151      0.00%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     19.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd     1169343730     19.58%     39.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp       53142746      0.89%     40.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       11014579      0.18%     40.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult    1108581289     18.56%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        6024126      0.10%     59.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       4045209      0.07%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      1580511993     26.46%     85.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      710887252     11.90%     97.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     137079961      2.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        5973321079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          1626865301                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses          13917637                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      1632861058                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          779009241                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses          2030779                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      762979122                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          2405874542                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses          15948416                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      2395840180                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         6265324583                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1267                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     6265325850                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              6750912657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         6298688459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           6298688459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   3798781030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    4371760560                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           35217682                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    164322835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          3798781030                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           4371760560                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   8859622171                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1508888760                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   5414504327                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   3682272085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           2430912527                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         1649865422                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         781047105                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      436274553.207064                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      6314638103.792936                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.935375                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.064625                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                209394310                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     94343677      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1209425337     19.15%     20.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         1937030      0.03%     20.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd     1214476918     19.23%     39.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       56747886      0.90%     40.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt       18684627      0.30%     41.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult    1114920826     17.66%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6482016      0.10%     58.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       5025551      0.08%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      1650036890     26.13%     85.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      781060438     12.37%     97.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess     161495679      2.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        6314636875                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          1597398635                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses          18282087                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      1614057465                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          723258222                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses          2812992                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      725116437                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          2320656857                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses          21095079                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      2339173902                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         6244003227                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              329                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     6244003556                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              6750858238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         6229402034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           6229402034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   3715616665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    4345204004                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           28829556                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    169228176                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          3715616665                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           4345204004                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   8692811972                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1478345924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   5401815491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   3677723602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           2353964877                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         1627886654                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         726078223                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      500411274.491855                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      6250446963.508145                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.925874                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.074126                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                207712410                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    108446271      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1167443030     18.68%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult           29706      0.00%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd     1192142409     19.07%     39.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp       54441205      0.87%     40.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       11113294      0.18%     40.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult    1140034330     18.24%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        6966505      0.11%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt       4592867      0.07%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      1627928264     26.04%     85.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      726079541     11.62%     96.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess     211279691      3.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        6250497113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              44                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       98958285                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          13170                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         13170                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     22061711                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     82542948                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        41541                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        17289                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        58830                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       6638381                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      6638381                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     98958241                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     46192657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     58550442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    104743099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       652187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     46411386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     56121445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    103185018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       731255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     60843770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     61575025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       543821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side     45895028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total     46438849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          315941991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side   1056450816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1641898368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   2698349184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     17338528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side   1066944960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1568037760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total   2652321248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     20271126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side   1738029568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total   1758300694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     15035736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side   1046231488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total   1061267224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          8170238350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    194235627                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     405324030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.479065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.499562                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3           211147272     52.09%     52.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4           194176758     47.91%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       405324030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.546266                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                546266045500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10386816920000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               45172918                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 45172916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              718119608                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1305284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   760.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 34362562150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   34362562150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       160256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       109248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        21184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         7488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       885184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3188672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        69312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        64512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4505856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       160256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        21184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       885184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        69312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      1135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2603648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2603648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        13831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        49823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              70404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        40682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             40682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       293366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       199990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        38780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        13708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1620427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5837214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       126883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       118096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8248464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       293366                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        38780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1620427                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       126883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         2079456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        4766264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4766264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        4766264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       293366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       199990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        38780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        13708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1620427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5837214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       126883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       118096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13014728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst          640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     12916672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        32768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12950080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks     12944960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12944960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       201823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::tsunami.ide          512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             202345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks       202265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            202265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     23645387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::tsunami.ide          59985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             23706544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total            1172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks       23697171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            23697171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks       23697171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst         1172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     23645387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::tsunami.ide         59985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            47403715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       514112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       294592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    221598400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        35968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         222458944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       294592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         1728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total       299456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks    101675520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      101675520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         4603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      3462475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            3475921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks      1588680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1588680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       941138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        20151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       539283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    405660212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data        65843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            407235533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         3983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       539283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3163                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total          548187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks      186128208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           186128208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks      186128208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst         3983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       941138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst         1757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        20151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       539283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    405660212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst         3163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data        65843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           593363740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     564                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     29516                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    9965     36.04%     36.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                   2476      8.96%     45.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      2.03%     47.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.04%     47.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  14637     52.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               27648                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     9963     43.38%     43.38% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                    2476     10.78%     54.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     560      2.44%     56.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.04%     56.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    9956     43.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                22965                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            544545433500     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21              185581000      0.03%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1710500      0.00%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1505694500      0.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546265859500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999799                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680194                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.830621                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     23.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     30.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      7.69%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     23.08%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     30.77%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   66      0.26%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                21459     83.09%     83.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1123      4.35%     87.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     87.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3146     12.18%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  17      0.07%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 25825                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3209                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 99                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   99                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.030539                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.059553                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      546229293500     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75806000      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      66                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            16188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.896847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1549488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            16700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            92.783713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   495.896847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.968549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3131070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3131070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       935291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         935291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       563840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        563840                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19267                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18782                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1499131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1499131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1499131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1499131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8821                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          877                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          877                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        18116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         18116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        18116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        18116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       944586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       944586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       572661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       572661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        20056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19659                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1517247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1517247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1517247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1517247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.039340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039340                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.044611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044611                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             9629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           79093603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            10140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          7800.158087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9672422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9672422                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4821766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4821766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4821766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4821766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      4821766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4821766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         9630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          9630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         9630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4831396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4831396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4831396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4831396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      4831396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4831396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         9629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             9629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     569                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      9791                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2271     26.29%     26.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      6.48%     32.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      9      0.10%     32.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   5798     67.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                8638                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2271     44.51%     44.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     560     10.98%     55.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       9      0.18%     55.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2262     44.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5102                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            545876895000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1732500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              293551000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546199618500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.390135                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.590646                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   11      0.12%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7498     81.43%     81.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1120     12.16%     93.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     571      6.20%     99.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   2      0.02%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  9208                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                578                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  4                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.003460                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.013699                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel           4966500      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user              304500      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        466376399500    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      11                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2041                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.059617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             289522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           117.025869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   489.059617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.955195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           575086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          575086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       179624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         179624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        98927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         98927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       278551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          278551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       278551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         278551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          517                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           51                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          165                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          3670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         3670                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       182777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        99444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       282221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       282221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       282221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       282221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.005199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005199                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028053                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.091312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091312                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          271681094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         66834.217466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1679547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses         1679547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         834444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          834444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       834444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         834444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       837997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       837997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       837997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    574707                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   61984     48.18%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     48.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      0.44%     48.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     48.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  66103     51.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              128649                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    61984     49.77%     49.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.00%     49.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     560      0.45%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   61983     49.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               124529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            535480126500     98.04%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     98.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     98.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10660963000      1.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546168765500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.937673                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.967975                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.06%      0.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.06%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        99      5.70%      5.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        18      1.04%      6.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.06%      6.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       34      1.96%      8.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.06%      8.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.06%      8.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       21      1.21%     10.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::121                    1561     89.82%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  1738                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   23      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  150      0.10%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               125748     87.97%     88.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   8215      5.75%     93.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     93.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2339      1.64%     95.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                1748      1.22%     96.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               4707      3.29%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                142940                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2490                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2309                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2310                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2309                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.927711                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.962492                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       26937800000      4.93%      4.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        519049413000     95.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     150                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4545525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.817512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          364041941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4545978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            80.080005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.817512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.884766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        741663375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       741663375                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    217331910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      217331910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    144171708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     144171708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1248028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1248028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1258708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1258708                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    361503618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       361503618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    361503618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      361503618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4215130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4215130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       319523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       319523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12857                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12857                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          347                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          347                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4534653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4534653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4534653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4534653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    221547040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221547040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    144491231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    144491231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1260885                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1260885                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1259055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1259055                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    366038271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    366038271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    366038271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    366038271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.019026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.002211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.010197                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010197                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2320864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2320864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           493735                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1092334136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           494247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2210.097656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2184436874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2184436874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091477827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1091477827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091477827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1091477827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1091477827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1091477827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       493740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        493740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       493740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1091971567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1091971567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1091971567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1091971567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1091971567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1091971567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       493735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           493735                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     570                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     10732                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2396     26.64%     26.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    560      6.23%     32.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.19%     33.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   6021     66.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                8994                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2396     44.65%     44.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     560     10.44%     55.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.32%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2393     44.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 5366                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            545868751000     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               27440000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2102500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              302624000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        546200917500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397442                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.596620                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      0.72%      0.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.05%      0.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 7785     80.77%     81.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1121     11.63%     93.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     639      6.63%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  11      0.11%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%     99.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                  5      0.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  9638                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              708                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 69                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   69                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.097458                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.177606                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      546061951000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8491000      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             4513                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.668462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             346624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.645168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   494.668462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.966149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           690551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          690551                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       213380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         213380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       117427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        117427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2255                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       330807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          330807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       330807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         330807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1230                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          187                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          6609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         6609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       218759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       218759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       118657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       118657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2356                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2356                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2336                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2336                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       337416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       337416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       337416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       337416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.024589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.010366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.042869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042869                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.080051                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.019587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.019587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             5944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          116018788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17970.692069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2088286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses         2088286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1035227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1035227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1035227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         1035227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1035227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        1035227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          5944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         5944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1041171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1041171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1041171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      1041171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1041171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      1041171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             5944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14865                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14865                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               12736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              12736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        19798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        24780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        54176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   55202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        38200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        27217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        12390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        77834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        32776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   110610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  513                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 4617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                4617                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         55229                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        28455                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           16280                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        16280                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               14854                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              34568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              10479                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             10479                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         9625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             6550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1759                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           9630                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        28885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       106406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                 135291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1232320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1777388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 3009708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         12528806                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          12606526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.035952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                12590210     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   16316      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            12606526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         13033                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6086                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           24749                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24749                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp               6757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            165                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq               190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp              190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3204                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        10659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        10953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  21612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       454784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       239120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                  693904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         12674277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          12686919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.044124                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                12662170     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   24749      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            12686919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_requests      10080857                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5040169                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         6981590                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      6981584                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadResp            4721737                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteReq                604                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WriteResp               604                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2320864                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::WritebackClean       493730                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2224660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              557                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             904                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq            318966                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           318966                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         493740                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4227987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side      1481210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     13642466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_count::total               15123676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side     63198080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache2.cpu_side    439545014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.pkt_size::total               502743094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus2.snoops                         14079167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::samples          24159115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::mean             0.288985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.453291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::0                17177508     71.10%     71.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::1                 6981601     28.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::2                       6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus2.snoop_fanout::total            24159115                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_requests         23298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11019                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           21                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           24671                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        24647                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadResp              11424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteReq                571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WriteResp               571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1219                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            187                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             562                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq               855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp              855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           5944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5480                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        17826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side        19434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_count::total                  37260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       760448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache3.cpu_side       488024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.pkt_size::total                 1248472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus3.snoops                          7638633                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::samples           7661407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::mean             0.003229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.056786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::0                 7636694     99.68%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::1                   24689      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::2                      24      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus3.snoop_fanout::total             7661407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               13270                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            4016.720570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                310422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               17237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               18.009050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   937.570538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   366.342837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2712.807195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.228899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.089439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.662306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.980645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968506                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              463570                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             463570                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         9625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         9625                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7092                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         7092                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5014                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5014                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              12513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         7092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         5421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             12513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1758                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1758                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          877                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          877                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6655                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6655                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2538                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2538                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            14263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           14263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         9625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         9625                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          877                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          877                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         9630                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          26776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         9630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         26776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999431                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.942368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942368                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.263551                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.263551                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.502777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.502777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.263551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.683833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.532679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.263551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.683833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.532679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 884                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            4017.268501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 51337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                4841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               10.604627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   848.374415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   205.513232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2963.380854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.207123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.050174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.723482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.980778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966064                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              106813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             106813                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3553                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total              35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3186                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3186                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1623                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1623                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               4844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              4844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total           155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            2103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3553                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3553                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total           6947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total          6947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.815789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.815789                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.103293                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.493446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493446                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.511491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.302721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.103293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.511491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            177                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 177                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache2.tags.replacements             3744302                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache2.tags.tagsinuse            3984.184502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache2.tags.total_refs               6020670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.sampled_refs             3747112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.avg_refs                1.606749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache2.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1556.800057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   326.137243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2101.247202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.079623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.513000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_percent::total      0.972701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2601                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.686035                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache2.tags.tag_accesses            84712938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache2.tags.data_accesses           84712938                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2320864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2320864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       493730                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_hits::total       493730                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        87921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_hits::total           87921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       475240                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       475240                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       741587                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       741587                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       475240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       829508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.demand_hits::total            1304748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       475240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       829508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.overall_hits::total           1304748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          557                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          557                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       231045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_misses::total        231045                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        18500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3486400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3486400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3717445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.demand_misses::total          3735945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3717445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.overall_misses::total         3735945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2320864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2320864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       493730                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       493730                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          557                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          557                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       318966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_accesses::total       318966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       493740                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4227987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4227987                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4546953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_accesses::total        5040693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       493740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4546953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_accesses::total       5040693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.724356                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.724356                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037469                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.037469                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.824600                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.824600                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.817568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.demand_miss_rate::total      0.741157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.037469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.817568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.741157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache2.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache2.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache2.writebacks::writebacks        1827151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.writebacks::total             1827151                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache2.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache3.tags.replacements                3142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache3.tags.tagsinuse            4005.457721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache3.tags.total_refs                108634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.sampled_refs                6867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.avg_refs               15.819717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache3.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1067.844379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   250.432925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  2687.180417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.260704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.061141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.656050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_percent::total      0.977895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.909424                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache3.tags.tag_accesses              192311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache3.tags.data_accesses             192311                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1219                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5938                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_hits::total         5938                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_hits::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4779                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4779                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.demand_hits::total               7308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.overall_hits::total              7308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          375                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          375                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_misses::total           771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1165                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1165                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3035                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.demand_misses::total             4971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3806                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.overall_misses::total            4971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1219                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5938                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5938                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          375                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          375                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          187                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          855                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5944                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_accesses::total          12279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         5944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_accesses::total         12279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.901754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.901754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.195996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.195996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.553832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.553832                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.195996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.600789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.demand_miss_rate::total      0.404838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.195996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.600789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.404838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache3.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache3.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache3.writebacks::writebacks            824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.writebacks::total                 824                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache3.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq              14864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             87959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             12224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            12224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2784                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        73095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        18296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        26705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        50666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        95667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       196605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       200115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                297321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       385152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       777664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        63980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1226796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6962432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      6976286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        32832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        32832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                8235914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        12383278                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         12567506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.985314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.120293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 184566      1.47%      1.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               12382940     98.53%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           12567506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         7207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  7207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       150480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       150480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 150480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        12673431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         12676474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.999681                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4042      0.03%      0.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               12672432     99.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           12676474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadResp           3504910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteReq               604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WriteResp              604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1827631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1906390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           231553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadExResp          231553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3504900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port       605504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side     10602867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total     11208371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total         1600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_count::total              11209971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port     25831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward2.cpu_side    330211062                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.l2cache2.mem_side::total    356042614                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls2.port        63488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward2.mem_side::total        63488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.pkt_size::total              356106102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus2.snoops                        10334582                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::samples         17804250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::mean            1.580325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.493506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::1                7471996     41.97%     41.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::2               10332254     58.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus2.snoop_fanout::total           17804250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadResp           3447443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteReq               571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WriteResp              571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1588691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1889684                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3447443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port         5020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side        10211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total        15231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port     10427539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total     10427539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_count::total              10442770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port       104128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward3.cpu_side       263000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.l2cache3.mem_side::total       367128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls3.port    324057344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward3.mem_side::total    324057344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.pkt_size::total              324424472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus3.snoops                          683660                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::samples          7643601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::mean            1.089290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.285161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::1                6961107     91.07%     91.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::2                 682494      8.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus3.snoop_fanout::total            7643601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6401                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.777078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.033505                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.108128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.668912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.881758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.104307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       162062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       162062                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          294                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8665                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         8700                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          294                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          294                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         8702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         8702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999242                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3958                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3958                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          776                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse     8.889024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.085678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.994569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     2.541283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.353172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.187161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.158830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.209573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.555564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        30056                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        30056                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          327                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          181                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.replacements      5128532                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tagsinuse    15.970823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.total_refs          724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.sampled_refs      5128548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.avg_refs     0.000141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.498491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.111311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    14.361022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.093656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.006957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.897564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.tag_accesses     61692199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.tags.data_accesses     61692199                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1625366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1625366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          245                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          245                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_hits::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          259                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_hits::total          259                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          561                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_misses::total          561                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        29438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_misses::total        29438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3485921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3504411                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3515359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_misses::total      3533849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3515359                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_misses::total      3533849                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1625366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1625366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          347                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29452                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3486166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3504656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3515618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_accesses::total      3534108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        18490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3515618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_accesses::total      3534108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999525                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward2.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::writebacks      1625113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.writebacks::total      1625113                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.replacements         1944                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tagsinuse     6.279318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.total_refs           88                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.sampled_refs         1960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.avg_refs     0.044898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.000169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.196372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.082778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.199773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.192674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.tag_accesses        41070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.tags.data_accesses        41070                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           11                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          266                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_misses::total          376                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2513                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3651                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_misses::total         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2889                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_misses::total         4027                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           11                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          266                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2513                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3651                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_accesses::total         4027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_accesses::total         4027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward3.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.writebacks::total           10                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       104479                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.687928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       104495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.022326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.428521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.019803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.031210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.000602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.734994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.428459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.339283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.187538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.420937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.026779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      1140379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      1140379                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        40594                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40594                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          566                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         1888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          762                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           55                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          429                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           55                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          566                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         1888                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          286                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          303                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          839                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          502                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2765                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         3109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13831                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        48850                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        65486                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        68595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          331                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        13831                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51615                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1083                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1522                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        68595                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        40594                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40594                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          303                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          250                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          128                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          272                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          503                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2964                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3308                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          970                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13886                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        67175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        52044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        70483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        52044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        70483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996516                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998810                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992188                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998012                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.932861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.939843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.940341                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.214433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996039                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995314                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.951670                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.676387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974857                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.940341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.218462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.951670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.973213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.940341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.218462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.996039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.951670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.728927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.973213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        40193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        40193                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.replacements          496                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tagsinuse           16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.total_refs           16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.sampled_refs          512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.avg_refs     0.031250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    15.999385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.000615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.999962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.tag_accesses         9712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.tags.data_accesses         9712                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          496                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          496                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_misses::total          512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_misses::total          512                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          496                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          496                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_accesses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_accesses::total          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward2.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::writebacks          480                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.writebacks::total          480                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward2.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.replacements      5031249                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tagsinuse    15.959367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.total_refs          410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.sampled_refs      5031265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.avg_refs     0.000081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.418574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.002867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.000232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data    14.529094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.088661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.000179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.908068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.tag_accesses     60679237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.tags.data_accesses     60679237                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1588172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1588172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          283                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          288                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_hits::total          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_hits::total          303                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_misses::total          218                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5751                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        26454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_misses::total        32286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2406                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3436092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      3443243                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3462546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_misses::total      3475529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8157                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          174                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3462546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_misses::total      3475529                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1588172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1588172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           57                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          218                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5751                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        26469                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32301                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2408                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4604                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3436375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3443531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3462844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_accesses::total      3475832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3462844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_accesses::total      3475832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999536                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999918                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward3.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::writebacks      1587867                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.writebacks::total      1587867                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward3.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              974006                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               379                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34145                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             605180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15555                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits             1579186                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               485                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49700                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             646916                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              158                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         647074                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1092532655                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            4830906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              4830906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      4642283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          4020                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             362762                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       334532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             4642283                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 4020                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      6073107                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      3567124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2556                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs              1585937                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             979875                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            606062                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1087701662.504097                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      4830992.495903                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.004422                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.995578                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   764065                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        30066      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          3000436     62.10%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            7432      0.15%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1184      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead         1039548     21.52%     84.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         607259     12.57%     96.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        145244      3.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           4831396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits              184531                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 8                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses              96                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits             101799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses             39                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              286330                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 8                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses             135                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             118026                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                6                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         118032                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1092399806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             837989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               837989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       800955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              35046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        58249                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              800955                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  268                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads      1094241                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       634221                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          132                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          136                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               287005                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts             184603                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts            102402                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1091562473.397441                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      837332.602559                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000767                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999233                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                   110921                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5359      0.64%      0.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           498820     59.53%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult            3194      0.38%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              8      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead          188285     22.47%     83.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite         102411     12.22%     95.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         39920      4.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            837997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           222744319                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            426061                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       215205696                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          145752202                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             4351                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  14                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      139780949                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           368496521                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            430412                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   14                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       354986645                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1039352457                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              779                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1039353236                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1092337337                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1091541141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1091541141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    982805762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses       6256489                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           69666895                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    113055334                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           982805762                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts              6256489                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1309391498                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    683989509                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads      3126527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes      3125567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            368991597                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          223233996                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         145757601                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      559650.351335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1091777686.648665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999488                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000512                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                194227094                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     95673060      8.76%      8.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        620875111     56.86%     65.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          158380      0.01%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           3775      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             77      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt            166      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             19      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       224644195     20.57%     86.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      145761211     13.35%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       4855572      0.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1091971567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits              220505                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1920                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits             121441                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            914                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              341946                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               372                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2834                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             142535                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         142666                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1092402405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts            1040778                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps              1040778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       997308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls              39761                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        81855                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              997308                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  565                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads      1362056                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       785316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          291                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               343727                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts             221461                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts            122266                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1091361796.537215                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1040608.462785                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000953                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999047                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                   141048                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         8279      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           633835     60.88%     61.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult            3531      0.34%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             33      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead          226290     21.73%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite         122287     11.75%     95.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         46913      4.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total           1041171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        3512692                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1745                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1745                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1629262                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1904226                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          720                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2168                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         36509                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        36509                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3512682                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side         1552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        26409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        27961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side           35                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side         1442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       192158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side     10402319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total     10594477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        10056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total        10069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           10639716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward2.cpu_side        64512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side       778368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       842880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       123600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side        27136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       150736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      6837942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward3.cpu_side    323340352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward2.mem_side::total    330178294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       262936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward3.mem_side::total       262936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           331434846                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      5582986                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      12675702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         3.440296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.496423                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::3             7094639     55.97%     55.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::4             5581063     44.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        12675702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
