
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.287428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                287428295000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3521713038000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 111333                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   111333                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85835687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1525876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3348.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   372806893                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     372806893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     94778432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          94778432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4943680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4943680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1480913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1480913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             77245                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    329746353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            329746353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17199698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            17199698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    346946051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           346946051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1480913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     77245                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1480913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   77245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              94367872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 410560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4909568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               94778432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4943680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  6415                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            82840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            88758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            91718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            89957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           100180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            91411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            88852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           107952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            90196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           114287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          109820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           79730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           82381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          111666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           72464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           72286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             4734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            12680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            4278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 287427847500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1480913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               77245                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1234968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 221102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  16577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  3072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  4335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  4422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  4424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  4420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  4422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  4421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  4426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  4426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  4419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  4420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  4419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1406608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.579186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.993676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.840149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1300928     92.49%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98492      7.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4478      0.32%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1397      0.10%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          683      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          327      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          152      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           89      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1406608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    333.852355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   304.864575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   140.265013                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            37      0.84%      0.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           49      1.11%      1.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          475     10.76%     12.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255          860     19.47%     32.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319          952     21.56%     53.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383          705     15.96%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-447          520     11.78%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511          317      7.18%     88.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-575          211      4.78%     93.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::576-639          127      2.88%     96.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           84      1.90%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           42      0.95%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           18      0.41%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           14      0.32%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            2      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         4416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.371377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.346288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.920257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1346     30.48%     30.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              92      2.08%     32.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2970     67.26%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         4416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 36560567000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            64207404500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7372490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24795.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43545.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      328.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       17.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   329.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    17.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  117723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  26877                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 7.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    184466.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    9.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5360916960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2925103500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5784987000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             266814000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        187152638625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          8284154250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          228547598175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           795.164196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12732695750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 265094055750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5273031960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2877150375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5716066200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             230279760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        187168230405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy          8270477250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          228308219790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           794.331350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12710719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 265119587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     94037696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          94037696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4785792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        4785792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1469339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1469339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        74778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             74778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    327169237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            327169237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16650386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            16650386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    343819623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           343819623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1469339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     74778                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1469339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   74778                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              93712256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 325440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                4765056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               94037696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             4785792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  5085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            78961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            86511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            90555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            89991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            99418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            91360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            89530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           105705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            90197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           114351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          108728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           79815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           81721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          113641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           72761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           71009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             5512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             6275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            4433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 287427521500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1469339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               74778                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1229219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 216843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  16317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  2893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  3021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  4197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  4293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  4291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  4289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  4286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  4291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  4288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  4295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  4289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  4288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  4288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  4287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  4290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  4288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  4290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  4287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1393157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.686213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.050075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.267788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1287282     92.40%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98808      7.09%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4167      0.30%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1536      0.11%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          703      0.05%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          330      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          187      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           80      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           64      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1393157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    341.862713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   311.486784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   145.625683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            37      0.86%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           53      1.24%      2.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          392      9.15%     11.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255          844     19.71%     30.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319          888     20.73%     51.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383          688     16.06%     67.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-447          506     11.81%     79.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-511          337      7.87%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-575          222      5.18%     92.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-639          130      3.04%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           82      1.91%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           49      1.14%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           31      0.72%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           15      0.35%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      0.12%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         4283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.383610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.358908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.913177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1267     29.58%     29.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             118      2.76%     32.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2886     67.38%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      0.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         4283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 36217627750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            63672390250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7321270000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24734.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43484.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      326.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       16.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   327.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    16.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  118251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  27296                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 8.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               36.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    186143.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    9.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              5276585160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2879089125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5709834000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             252266400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        186885287820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy          8518672500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          228294718845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           794.284377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13122313250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 264704521750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              5255681760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2867683500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5711308200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             230195520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        187342238295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy          8117838750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          228297929865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           794.295549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12453738750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 265371480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94395328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          94395328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5056128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        5056128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1474927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1474927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        79002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             79002                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    328413485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            328413485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     17590920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            17590920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    346004404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           346004404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1474927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     79002                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1474927                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   79002                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              93707328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 688000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                4951808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               94395328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             5056128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 10750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                 1610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            81600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            86681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            90743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            89694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           100088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            91068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            88873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           106514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            90196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           114702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          107767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           79074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           83075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          111051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           71910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           71141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             4705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             6478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            4328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 287428062000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1474927                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               79002                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1229050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                 217562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  15969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  3082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  4382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  4449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  4450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  4446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  4448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  4450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  4453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  4447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  4450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  4449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  4452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  4453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  4452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  4451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  4449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  4450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1397164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.613672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.023710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.613625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1291473     92.44%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98461      7.05%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4496      0.32%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1481      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          670      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          307      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          157      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           45      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1397164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    329.371879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   303.660006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   130.176781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            10      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           29      0.65%      0.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            6      0.13%      1.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           31      0.70%      1.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          121      2.72%      4.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          275      6.19%     10.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          457     10.28%     20.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-255          502     11.29%     32.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287          510     11.47%     43.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::288-319          468     10.53%     54.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-351          407      9.16%     63.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383          355      7.99%     71.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-415          268      6.03%     77.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::416-447          239      5.38%     82.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-479          177      3.98%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::480-511          148      3.33%     90.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543          132      2.97%     93.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::544-575           99      2.23%     95.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::576-607           56      1.26%     96.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::608-639           51      1.15%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-671           28      0.63%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::672-703           23      0.52%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::704-735           16      0.36%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::736-767           14      0.31%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            8      0.18%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            7      0.16%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            3      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            2      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            2      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         4445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.406524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.381978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.910041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            1290     29.02%     29.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              72      1.62%     30.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            3069     69.04%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              14      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         4445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 36324212250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            63777531000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7320885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24808.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               43558.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      326.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       17.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   328.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    17.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  116160                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  28221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 7.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    184968.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    9.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              5322292920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2904028875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5735012400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             276508080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        187142802705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy          8292782250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          228446411070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           794.812146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12745380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 265079198500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              5240266920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2859272625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5685537000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             224862480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        187192718460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy          8248996500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          228224637825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           794.040551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12670159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 265154331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     94507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          94507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5273856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        5273856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1476681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1476681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        82404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             82404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    328804038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            328804038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     18348423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            18348423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    347152461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           347152461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1476681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     82404                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1476681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   82404                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              93847552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 660032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                5183680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               94507584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             5273856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 10313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                 1389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            79957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            86079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            92041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            98423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            91499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            89302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           106460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            90476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           115239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          109210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           80123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           82638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          109627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           72427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           71450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             6222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             6044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            4957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 287428216000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1476681                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               82404                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1229862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                 217179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  16741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  3262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  4573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  4668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  4672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  4664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  4670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  4670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  4667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  4663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  4667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  4666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  4666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  4669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  4667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  4666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  4666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  4664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1396098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.934115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.204866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.326005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1286641     92.16%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       101237      7.25%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5475      0.39%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1427      0.10%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          735      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          347      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          143      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           60      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           33      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1396098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    314.661373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   288.167594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   132.021676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            11      0.24%      0.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           27      0.58%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            5      0.11%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           61      1.31%      2.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          200      4.29%      6.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          392      8.41%     14.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          524     11.24%     26.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-255          571     12.25%     38.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-287          524     11.24%     49.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::288-319          482     10.34%     60.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-351          363      7.79%     67.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::352-383          326      7.00%     74.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-415          260      5.58%     80.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::416-447          224      4.81%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::448-479          151      3.24%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::480-511          134      2.88%     91.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-543          103      2.21%     93.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::544-575           84      1.80%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::576-607           57      1.22%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::608-639           52      1.12%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-671           30      0.64%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::672-703           19      0.41%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::704-735           21      0.45%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::736-767           13      0.28%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            6      0.13%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            6      0.13%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            5      0.11%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            5      0.11%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            2      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         4660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.380901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.356005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.916672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            1398     30.00%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              99      2.12%     32.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            3153     67.66%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         4660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 36150101750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            63644501750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7331840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24652.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               43402.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      326.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       18.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   328.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    18.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  121225                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 8.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               37.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    184356.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    9.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5311134360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2897940375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5734365000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             295377840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        187045772175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy          8377896750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          228435470340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           794.774081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12892221750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 264937760750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              5243366520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2860963875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5703274200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             229469760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         18772983840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        187301894265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy          8153228250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          228265180710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           794.181608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12512381000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9597640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 265313375000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    12730627                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                   1430938                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                13989669                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3291985                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                    15441                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3209134                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    16022612                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                   1446379                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                17198803                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  102375874                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       58                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              102375932                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7043402173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  101603950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    101603950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74367578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              22726335                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1517946                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6224358                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74367578                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     22726335                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          118508027                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          57631658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            29166504                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           21784898                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     17764804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14456784                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3308020                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              348282620.404341                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6695119552.595659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.950552                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.049448                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8868357                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              7983890      7.75%      7.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 39933154     38.75%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4389      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               15684502     15.22%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                 385320      0.37%     62.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                4723949      4.58%     66.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                614342      0.60%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  77545      0.08%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                15814413     15.35%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3308640      3.21%     85.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess              14520185     14.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 103050329                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      54                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   1479866                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1471     24.78%     24.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    295      4.97%     29.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     47      0.79%     30.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   4124     69.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                5937                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1471     45.33%     45.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     295      9.09%     54.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      47      1.45%     55.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1432     44.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 3245                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            280550764000     97.61%     97.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              685557000      0.24%     97.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               81964500      0.03%     97.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             6097903000      2.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        287416188500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.347236                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.546572                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    5      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   83      0.25%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5204     15.73%     15.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    591      1.79%     17.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     393      1.19%     18.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  49      0.15%     19.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              26764     80.88%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 33089                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              474                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                337                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                337                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  337                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.710970                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.831073                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      994448448500     78.93%     78.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        265468481000     21.07%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      83                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    11610461                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                   1344483                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                12828815                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3009191                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    14600                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                2951898                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    14619652                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                   1359083                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                15780713                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                   94439808                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       34                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses               94439842                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7043401886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   93569875                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93569875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             68558287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              20732259                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1387429                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      5754224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    68558287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     20732259                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          108782261                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          53168395                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            26590760                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           19861256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     16286779                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   13262458                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3024321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              766352768.695239                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6277049117.304761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.891196                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.108804                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          8173166                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              7455885      7.85%      7.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 36704455     38.67%     46.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2988      0.00%     46.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               14322475     15.09%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                 354377      0.37%     61.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                4316789      4.55%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                536869      0.57%     67.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                  71358      0.08%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                14495721     15.27%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3024365      3.19%     85.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess              13643676     14.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  94928958                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      68                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1391939                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1374     26.73%     26.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    295      5.74%     32.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     37      0.72%     33.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   3435     66.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                5141                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1374     45.12%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     295      9.69%     54.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      37      1.22%     56.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1339     43.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 3045                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            283402814500     98.30%     98.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              682965500      0.24%     98.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               44225500      0.02%     98.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4171526000      1.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        288301531500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.389811                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.592297                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   15      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   61      0.19%      0.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4432     13.64%     13.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    595      1.83%     15.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     377      1.16%     16.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  43      0.13%     17.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              26967     83.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 32490                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              341                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                309                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                338                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  309                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   29                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.991202                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.298969                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.904953                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5020158500      1.05%      1.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        250475516000     52.32%     53.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        223232379500     46.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      61                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10515052                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                   1204986                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                11583029                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2773348                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    13216                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                2697446                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    13288400                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                   1218202                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                14280475                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   85330800                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       80                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               85330880                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7043426076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   84674595                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     84674595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             62101852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              18715596                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1269772                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      5219296                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    62101852                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     18715596                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           98456126                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          48128948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            23983316                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           17917048                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     14786042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   11998916                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2787126                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1334293545.152152                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5709132530.847848                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.810562                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.189438                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          7428725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              6723715      7.83%      7.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 33337992     38.81%     46.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2387      0.00%     46.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               12944251     15.07%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                 323073      0.38%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                3903798      4.54%     66.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                457766      0.53%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                  64987      0.08%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                13111888     15.27%     82.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2787214      3.24%     85.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess              12235726     14.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  85892797                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      85                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   1251154                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1463     27.60%     27.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    295      5.57%     33.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     35      0.66%     33.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   3507     66.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                5300                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1463     45.32%     45.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     295      9.14%     54.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      35      1.08%     55.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1435     44.45%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 3228                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            282511317000     98.29%     98.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              681295000      0.24%     98.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               40415000      0.01%     98.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4193614500      1.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        287426641500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.409182                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.609057                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   28      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   69      0.21%      0.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4582     14.08%     14.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    598      1.84%     16.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     391      1.20%     17.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  56      0.17%     17.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              26821     82.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 32545                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              460                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                305                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                305                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  305                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.663043                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.797386                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       60451216500     21.03%     21.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        226975424000     78.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      69                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    11616043                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                   1318262                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                12804790                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    3018532                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                    14771                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                2961542                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    14634575                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                   1333033                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                15766332                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                   93780282                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       52                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses               93780334                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7043409592                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   92958473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     92958473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             68089264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              20730075                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1388187                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      5704944                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    68089264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     20730075                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          108314154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          52765071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            26587767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           19859229                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     16238610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   13204828                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   3033782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              642227902.361235                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6401181689.638765                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.908819                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.091181                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          8126480                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              7312775      7.76%      7.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 36523118     38.73%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2969      0.00%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     46.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               14317836     15.18%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                 354777      0.38%     62.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                4313823      4.57%     66.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                538232      0.57%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                  71308      0.08%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                14439576     15.31%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                3034022      3.22%     85.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess              13383070     14.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  94291506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      39                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1365841                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1371     26.05%     26.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    295      5.61%     31.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     22      0.42%     32.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   3575     67.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                5263                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1371     44.92%     44.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     295      9.67%     54.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      22      0.72%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1364     44.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 3052                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            283352837500     98.28%     98.28% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              683277500      0.24%     98.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               25723500      0.01%     98.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4243709000      1.47%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        288305547500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.381538                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.579897                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   83      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   28      0.09%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4592     14.15%     14.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    594      1.83%     16.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     359      1.11%     17.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  41      0.13%     17.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              26747     82.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 32444                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              387                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                319                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                319                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  319                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.824289                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.903683                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1004455837500     79.72%     79.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        255497960500     20.28%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      28                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 168                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1500                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1500                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         3160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              815500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              411500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              439500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               49257487                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 10.246333                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                 9.527772                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 4.066284                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     8996489     18.26%     18.26% |    35549553     72.17%     90.44% |     4299429      8.73%     99.16% |      183928      0.37%     99.54% |      227614      0.46%    100.00% |         474      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 49257487                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples    437879941                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   437879941    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total     437879941                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples           437879940                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               3.674324                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.092163                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             22.550417                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |   431930239     98.64%     98.64% |     5819220      1.33%     99.97% |       27409      0.01%     99.98% |       22318      0.01%     99.98% |       48921      0.01%     99.99% |       31331      0.01%    100.00% |         467      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total             437879940                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples       429711890                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   429711890    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total         429711890                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        8168050                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        144.367494                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       112.860511                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        84.204669                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2218349     27.16%     27.16% |     5819220     71.24%     98.40% |       27409      0.34%     98.74% |       22318      0.27%     99.01% |       48921      0.60%     99.61% |       31331      0.38%     99.99% |         467      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          8168050                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14212610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2104851                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     16317461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    102916505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       133824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    103050329                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     13010380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1916592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14926972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     94812512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses       116446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     94928958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11813561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1753533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     13567094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     85778861                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses       113936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     85892797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     12991867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1912956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14904823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     94175594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       115912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     94291506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1952688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      6215362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      8168050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            47                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads    120564313                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes    120564313                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity    123481282                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity    120564313                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity     61073519                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity     60981225                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity    120564313                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads     45502878                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes     45502878                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity     45609771                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity     45502878                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity     22070298                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity     22069970                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity     45502878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads     43803041                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes     43803041                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity     44451163                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity     43803041                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity     22908606                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity     22892453                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity     43803041                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads     30440819                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes     30440819                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity     30542532                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity     30440819                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity     15279021                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity     15278715                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity     30440819                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    21212410     17.54%     17.54% |    91689869     75.82%     93.36% |     8032882      6.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total    120935161                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    21212410     17.54%     17.54% |    91689869     75.82%     93.36% |     8032882      6.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total    120935161                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   199452915                       |   945043572                       |    65786609                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    42424820                       |   112172244                       |     8048769                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |    9.402652                       |   10.306957                       |    8.189665                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |           2                       |    1.223388                       |    1.001978                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.007702                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.344901                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         11.352603                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.628411                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.027487      4.37%      4.37% |    0.027483      4.37%      8.75% |    0.027480      4.37%     13.12% |    0.027484      4.37%     17.49% |    0.116888     18.60%     36.09% |    0.121549     19.34%     55.44% |    0.116879     18.60%     74.04% |    0.121545     19.34%     93.38% |    0.010405      1.66%     95.03% |    0.010404      1.66%     96.69% |    0.010404      1.66%     98.34% |    0.010403      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.628411                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      20453176                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         8.690982                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        8.158923                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.809142                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5453726     26.66%     26.66% |    14647031     71.61%     98.28% |       11965      0.06%     98.34% |      112415      0.55%     98.89% |      227565      1.11%    100.00% |         474      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        20453176                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      27275835                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.480081                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       10.762163                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.893522                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3213303     11.78%     11.78% |    12290892     45.06%     56.84% |     7429076     27.24%     84.08% |     3982896     14.60%     98.68% |      288120      1.06%     99.74% |       61415      0.23%     99.96% |       10084      0.04%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        27275835                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1528476                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         9.042745                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.633581                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.681559                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329460     21.55%     21.55% |      949662     62.13%     83.69% |      232892     15.24%     98.92% |       15763      1.03%     99.95% |         685      0.04%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1528476                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         47430366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           24.544681                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           2.145401                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          63.390383                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    41723904     87.97%     87.97% |     5580956     11.77%     99.74% |       26404      0.06%     99.79% |       21601      0.05%     99.84% |       46945      0.10%     99.94% |       30071      0.06%    100.00% |         450      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           47430366                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     39834039                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39834039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       39834039                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      7596327                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     148.009581                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    117.460178                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.303147                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1889865     24.88%     24.88% |     5580956     73.47%     98.35% |       26404      0.35%     98.70% |       21601      0.28%     98.98% |       46945      0.62%     99.60% |       30071      0.40%     99.99% |         450      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       7596327                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         11898545                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.485070                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.029055                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           7.873307                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    11880958     99.85%     99.85% |       17284      0.15%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           11898545                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     11810792                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11810792    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       11810792                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        87753                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean      66.771313                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     48.594291                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     64.119021                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       70166     79.96%     79.96% |       17284     19.70%     99.65% |          38      0.04%     99.70% |          43      0.05%     99.75% |         137      0.16%     99.90% |          85      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         87753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    378163590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.127278                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.005411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       4.631617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   377939934     99.94%     99.94% |      219004      0.06%    100.00% |         962      0.00%    100.00% |         672      0.00%    100.00% |        1831      0.00%    100.00% |        1170      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      378163590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    377683472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377683472    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    377683472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       480118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   101.250336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    70.163009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.820030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      256462     53.42%     53.42% |      219004     45.61%     99.03% |         962      0.20%     99.23% |         672      0.14%     99.37% |        1831      0.38%     99.75% |        1170      0.24%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       480118                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples       193783                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean     3.041701                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     1.090843                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    17.426800                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |      191787     98.97%     98.97% |        1976      1.02%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total       193783                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples       189949                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      189949    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total       189949                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples         3834                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.194314                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean    81.026630                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.089165                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |        1838     47.94%     47.94% |        1976     51.54%     99.48% |           5      0.13%     99.61% |           2      0.05%     99.66% |           8      0.21%     99.87% |           5      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total         3834                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples       193656                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.003821                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.000347                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     0.402666                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |      193638     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total       193656                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples       193638                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      193638    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total       193638                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples           18                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean    42.111111                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    41.586917                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev     7.591705                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           5     27.78%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1480913     25.09%     25.09% |     1469339     24.90%     49.99% |     1474927     24.99%     74.98% |     1476681     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5901860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       77245     24.65%     24.65% |       74778     23.86%     48.50% |       79002     25.21%     73.71% |       82404     26.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       313429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1480913     25.09%     25.09% |     1469339     24.90%     49.99% |     1474927     24.99%     74.98% |     1476681     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5901860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       77245     24.65%     24.65% |       74778     23.86%     48.50% |       79002     25.21%     73.71% |       82404     26.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       313429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1402645     25.12%     25.12% |     1393538     24.95%     50.07% |     1394905     24.98%     75.05% |     1393253     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      5584341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1480913     25.09%     25.09% |     1469339     24.90%     49.99% |     1474927     24.99%     74.98% |     1476681     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5901860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       77245     24.65%     24.65% |       74778     23.86%     48.50% |       79002     25.21%     73.71% |       82404     26.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       313429                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1402645     25.12%     25.12% |     1393538     24.95%     50.07% |     1394905     24.98%     75.05% |     1393253     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      5584341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1480913     25.09%     25.09% |     1469339     24.90%     49.99% |     1474927     24.99%     74.98% |     1476681     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5901860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       77245     24.65%     24.65% |       74778     23.86%     48.50% |       79002     25.21%     73.71% |       82404     26.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       313429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    12967473     27.34%     27.34% |    11870474     25.03%     52.37% |    10754144     22.67%     75.04% |    11838280     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     47430371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   103050329     27.25%     27.25% |    94928958     25.10%     52.35% |    85892797     22.71%     75.07% |    94291506     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    378163590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     3349988     27.27%     27.27% |     3056502     24.88%     52.14% |     2812953     22.90%     75.04% |     3066547     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12285990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |      346926     25.73%     25.73% |      340308     25.23%     50.96% |      322433     23.91%     74.87% |      338904     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1348571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2105889     27.49%     27.49% |     1904779     24.87%     52.36% |     1747124     22.81%     75.16% |     1902444     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7660236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         243     23.34%     23.34% |         221     21.23%     44.57% |         317     30.45%     75.02% |         260     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       46247     25.86%     25.86% |       44974     25.14%     51.00% |       42601     23.82%     74.82% |       45042     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       178864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          19     15.45%     15.45% |          30     24.39%     39.84% |          25     20.33%     60.16% |          49     39.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1716889     27.54%     27.54% |     1554548     24.94%     52.48% |     1409472     22.61%     75.09% |     1553028     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      6233937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |       45237     25.29%     25.29% |       46243     25.85%     51.15% |       42140     23.56%     74.70% |       45244     25.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       178864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      475605     27.17%     27.17% |      431370     24.64%     51.80% |      414178     23.66%     75.46% |      429647     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1750800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1679     29.55%     29.55% |        1014     17.85%     47.40% |        1796     31.61%     79.02% |        1192     20.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         5681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         944     21.22%     21.22% |         877     19.71%     40.93% |        1679     37.74%     78.67% |         949     21.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         4449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1608328     27.82%     27.82% |     1436833     24.86%     52.68% |     1299527     22.48%     75.16% |     1436032     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      5780720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     2066920     27.42%     27.42% |     1878008     24.91%     52.34% |     1716698     22.77%     75.11% |     1876154     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      7537780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       18442     35.50%     35.50% |       10846     20.88%     56.38% |       12960     24.95%     81.33% |        9699     18.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        51947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       21527     28.89%     28.89% |       16915     22.70%     51.59% |       18484     24.81%     76.39% |       17591     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        74517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |      113934     26.24%     26.24% |      109304     25.18%     51.42% |      101722     23.43%     74.85% |      109180     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       434140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       13267     22.66%     22.66% |       16581     28.32%     50.98% |       14439     24.66%     75.64% |       14260     24.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        58547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      115382     26.95%     26.95% |      105600     24.66%     51.61% |      100976     23.58%     75.19% |      106213     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       428171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2210     17.34%     17.34% |        4239     33.25%     50.59% |        2255     17.69%     68.28% |        4044     31.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        12748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |       95869     24.61%     24.61% |       98074     25.18%     49.78% |       97138     24.93%     74.72% |       98488     25.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       389569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     2615035     26.59%     26.59% |     2485857     25.27%     51.86% |     2248919     22.86%     74.73% |     2485989     25.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9835800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   102916505     27.25%     27.25% |    94812512     25.10%     52.35% |    85778861     22.71%     75.06% |    94175594     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    377683472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         927     21.36%     21.36% |         849     19.56%     40.92% |        1657     38.18%     79.10% |         907     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |      140125     26.71%     26.71% |      130106     24.80%     51.52% |      125450     23.92%     75.44% |      128849     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       524530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      401692     26.96%     26.96% |      369872     24.82%     51.78% |      350459     23.52%     75.31% |      367924     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1489947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5140606     27.86%     27.86% |     4587148     24.86%     52.73% |     4122530     22.35%     75.07% |     4599166     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     18449450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       85567     28.54%     28.54% |       72843     24.29%     52.83% |       66662     22.23%     75.06% |       74784     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       299856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       75370     23.65%     23.65% |       81706     25.64%     49.29% |       80045     25.12%     74.41% |       81550     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       318671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1510314     27.76%     27.76% |     1355874     24.92%     52.68% |     1221761     22.46%     75.14% |     1352326     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      5440275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          16     45.71%     45.71% |           8     22.86%     68.57% |           4     11.43%     80.00% |           7     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |       45593     26.12%     26.12% |       43923     25.16%     51.28% |       40820     23.39%     74.67% |       44214     25.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total       174550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3131645     27.12%     27.12% |     2902876     25.14%     52.25% |     2651558     22.96%     75.21% |     2862710     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     11548789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     3239757     27.24%     27.24% |     2961656     24.90%     52.14% |     2723892     22.90%     75.04% |     2969218     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     11894523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       11269     24.82%     24.82% |       12574     27.69%     52.51% |        9086     20.01%     72.52% |       12479     27.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        45408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       98014     28.79%     28.79% |       80959     23.78%     52.57% |       77766     22.84%     75.41% |       83706     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         227     22.63%     22.63% |         213     21.24%     43.87% |         313     31.21%     75.07% |         250     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         651     15.20%     15.20% |        1042     24.33%     39.53% |        1773     41.40%     80.92% |         817     19.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           6     22.22%     29.63% |           4     14.81%     44.44% |          15     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     1716888     27.54%     27.54% |     1554545     24.94%     52.48% |     1409471     22.61%     75.09% |     1553028     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      6233932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |       45237     25.29%     25.29% |       46243     25.85%     51.15% |       42140     23.56%     74.70% |       45244     25.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       178864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      451884     27.16%     27.16% |      410241     24.66%     51.82% |      393458     23.65%     75.47% |      408039     24.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1663622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          19     15.45%     15.45% |          30     24.39%     39.84% |          25     20.33%     60.16% |          49     39.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       23720     27.22%     27.22% |       21126     24.24%     51.45% |       20717     23.77%     75.22% |       21593     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        87156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     41.18%     41.18% |           2     11.76%     52.94% |           8     47.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           3     21.43%     50.00% |           7     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1679     29.64%     29.64% |        1007     17.78%     47.42% |        1794     31.67%     79.10% |        1184     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         944     21.22%     21.22% |         877     19.71%     40.93% |        1679     37.74%     78.67% |         949     21.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         4449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           3     13.64%     18.18% |           3     13.64%     31.82% |          15     68.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |        6224     24.14%     24.14% |        6610     25.64%     49.78% |        6123     23.75%     73.53% |        6824     26.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total        25781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           3      9.68%      9.68% |           9     29.03%     38.71% |           8     25.81%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1602101     27.84%     27.84% |     1430214     24.85%     52.69% |     1293396     22.47%     75.17% |     1429194     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      5754905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |        6227     24.12%     24.12% |        6619     25.64%     49.76% |        6131     23.75%     73.51% |        6838     26.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total        25815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       484204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        7597928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          87736      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         4416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        5754967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old        50118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       274538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      5623232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5901860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5897770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          55352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       194701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack             618860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all         652718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         178864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      6325542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR       147940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      5721851      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        32069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old        24334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       234068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      1135115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         4326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          796      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean       333251      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       525010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        54045      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       260590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      4913273      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       178864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      5754905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement        13152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean       376708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR         2292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS          411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX          272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old         1447      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5897770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old          456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data        12172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old        23878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        38891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        20072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all       317745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR         1794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack         617918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all       333251      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          796      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        12924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      5708927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR        98110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        22563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data       160864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        32069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         4450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      6321092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS          490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean       173421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock         1171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean         1154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       177693      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.629236                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                629235897000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4150948935000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 312957                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   312957                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              364474298                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2249340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1726.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   540295769                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     540295769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     77862208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          77862208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19547712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19547712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1216597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1216597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       305433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            305433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    123740887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            123740887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31065793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            31065793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    154806680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           154806680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1216597                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    305433                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1216597                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  305433                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              77252544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 609664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19075328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               77862208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19547712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  9526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                 7391                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            68100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            71866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            79063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            77069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            75233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            75904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            76993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            74929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            75730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            84710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           81770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           72455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           68221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           91240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           66566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           67222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            18848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            18530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            18595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           17532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           18433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           18902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 629236194500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1216597                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              305433                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1196464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 16013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 16191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 16412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 16612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 16632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 16633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 16624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 16623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 16621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 16624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 16614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 16617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 16622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 16623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 16634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 16656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 16626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 16625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1352055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.244534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.368544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    35.406482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1239781     91.70%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       105748      7.82%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3766      0.28%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1457      0.11%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          316      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          175      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          677      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1352055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     72.688121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   522.455737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        16419     98.86%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           55      0.33%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           85      0.51%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            9      0.05%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            7      0.04%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            6      0.04%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            3      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            7      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            4      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            3      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        16609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.945508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.942052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.341230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             442      2.66%      2.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             100      0.60%      3.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16001     96.35%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              54      0.33%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        16608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 24052101250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            46684682500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6035355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19926.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38676.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      122.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       30.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   123.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    31.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  125740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  27323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                10.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                9.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    413419.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   10.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             10440813600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5696872500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            10458372600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1244762640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        561989272725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         57022893750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          706724739495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           770.978134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  78886193750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 529337932250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             10414671120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5682608250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            10457772000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1183623840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        563173257915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         55984310250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          706767995055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           771.025323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77174296250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 531046698750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     77265024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          77265024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19274368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19274368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1207266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1207266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       301162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            301162                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122791825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            122791825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30631387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            30631387                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    153423211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           153423211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1207266                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    301162                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1207266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  301162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              76694720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 570304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               18778304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               77265024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19274368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  8911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                 7755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            67142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            71035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            77529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            76318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            74782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            76158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            76302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            72254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            75246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            85657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           80078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           72975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           68660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           91731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           66216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           66272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            19110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            18316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            17668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            17830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           19797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           17436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           17946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 629235585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1207266                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              301162                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1190035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 15812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 15978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 16164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 16345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 16348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 16361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 16355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 16357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 16357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 16364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 16349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 16351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 16358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 16373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 16369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 16391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 16367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 16367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1339151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.293552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.384218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    35.695765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1227799     91.68%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104706      7.82%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3723      0.28%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1620      0.12%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          332      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          160      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           83      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          678      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1339151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     73.315184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   831.044385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        16276     99.57%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           21      0.13%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            3      0.02%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191           14      0.09%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239           11      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            5      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-14335            4      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-24575            3      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-26623            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28672-30719            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30720-32767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        16346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.950018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.946977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.319659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             387      2.37%      2.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              93      0.57%      2.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           15825     96.81%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              33      0.20%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        16346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 23758447750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            46227604000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                5991775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19825.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38575.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      121.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       29.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   122.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    30.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  126004                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  26610                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                10.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                9.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    417146.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   10.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10304892360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5622709125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            10323666600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1212220080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        561185718930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         57727765500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          706248724275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           770.458841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  79672927250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 528552809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10351325880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5648044875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            10444613400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1171428480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        563485419270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         55710484500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          706683068085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           770.932674                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  76979416000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 531246157500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     77117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          77117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19110976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19110976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1204961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1204961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       298609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            298609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122557382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            122557382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     30371719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            30371719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    152929101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           152929101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1204961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    298609                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1204961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  298609                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              76616576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 500928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               18669504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               77117504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19110976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  7827                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                 6903                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            67998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            70910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            78239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            75722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            75266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            75064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            75188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            74059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            75012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            84978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           79115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           73941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           69186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           90567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           65877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           66012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            18445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            17830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            17780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           17890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           17740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           17686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           17884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 629235984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1204961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              298609                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1188367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   5624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 15820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 15950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 16071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 16217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 16255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 16252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 16257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 16250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 16248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 16255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 16262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 16258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 16266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 16261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 16285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 16275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 16251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 16256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1339435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.138007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.313678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    35.176391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1228994     91.75%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104235      7.78%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3460      0.26%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1486      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          285      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          168      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           54      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          676      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1339435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     73.708859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1447.991158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        16221     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            3      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            4      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20480-24575            2      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::57344-61439            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::61440-65535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::81920-86015            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        16243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.959182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.956739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.286151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             312      1.92%      1.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              73      0.45%      2.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           15825     97.43%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              32      0.20%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        16243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 23844771500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            46291034000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                5985670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19918.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38668.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      121.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       29.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   122.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    30.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  123547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  25860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                10.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                8.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    418494.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   10.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             10351212480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              5647983000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            10356052200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1231744320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        561722982120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy         57256482000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          706438207800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           770.665552                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  79263388250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 528963135750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             10337445720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              5640471375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            10402080000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1159796880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        563349703410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy         55829533500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          706590782565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           770.831998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  76954215750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 531273020250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     77849984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          77849984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19467392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19467392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1216406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1216406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            304178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123721460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            123721460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     30938146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            30938146                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    154659606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           154659606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1216406                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    304178                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1216406                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  304178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              77253888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 596096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               18977024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               77849984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19467392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  9314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                 7653                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            69316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            72806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            80555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            77762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            74258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            74678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            76178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            73019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            75565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            85889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           80560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           75131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           68178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           90169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           67212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           65816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            19320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            18538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            17869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            17729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           17705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           17910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           18351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 629235455000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1216406                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              304178                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1195723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 15939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 16154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 16331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 16528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 16547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 16540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 16532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 16528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 16525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 16528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 16526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 16526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 16529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 16538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 16555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 16564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 16547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 16537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1347864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.395025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.448094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    35.816785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1234280     91.57%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106369      7.89%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4291      0.32%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1610      0.12%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          350      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          154      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          671      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1347864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     73.074883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   650.955151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        16398     99.27%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           12      0.07%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           44      0.27%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           10      0.06%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            5      0.03%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            5      0.03%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            3      0.02%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191           18      0.11%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            4      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            6      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            6      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::31744-32767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        16519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.949997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.946863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.325185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             385      2.33%      2.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             134      0.81%      3.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           15937     96.48%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              51      0.31%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        16519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 23997605250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            46630580250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                6035460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    19880.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38630.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      122.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       30.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   123.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    30.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     26.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  128190                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  27552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                10.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                9.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    413811.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   10.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             10382934240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              5665291500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            10403195400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1272224880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        561484809045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy         57465405750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          706545612495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           770.782722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  79466197750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 528755012250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             10361403360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              5653543500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            10449730200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1174046400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         59871751680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        563004323595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy         56132498250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          706647296985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           770.893651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77620659000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  21011640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 530605563000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      387176                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     254862                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      642038                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     309845                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 309997                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1258495697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1793459                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1793459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              1720596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      73999                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       140719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     1720596                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            2369260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1304236                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2433                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2420                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       643817                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     388031                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    255786                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1228918005.219752                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              29577691.780248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023502                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976498                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           243056                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                16170      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1053360     58.72%     59.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5547      0.31%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1176      0.07%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.01%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  399566     22.27%     82.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 257143     14.33%     96.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 60752      3.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   1793941                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     645                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     13978                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2992     24.98%     24.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.03%     25.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    644      5.38%     30.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     30.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   8336     69.61%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               11976                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2990     45.12%     45.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.05%     45.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     644      9.72%     54.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     54.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2989     45.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 6627                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            617574214000     98.15%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3199500      0.00%     98.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1300445500      0.21%     98.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2510000      0.00%     98.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10365483500      1.65%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        629245852500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999332                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.358565                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.553357                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   55      0.43%      0.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                10581     83.34%     83.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1292     10.18%     93.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     93.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     747      5.88%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.12%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 12696                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              801                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.121099                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.216908                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      628884895000     99.94%     99.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           379271000      0.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      55                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      219594                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     120373                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                      339967                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     133965                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 133965                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1257407990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    1007632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      1007632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               964879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   134                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      41474                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        72076                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      964879                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          134                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            1323482                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            764169                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       340628                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     219604                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    121024                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1237002262.843069                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20405727.156931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016228                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983772                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           134238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 6148      0.61%      0.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   607354     60.28%     60.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3899      0.39%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      4      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  223647     22.20%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 121027     12.01%     95.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                 45553      4.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   1007632                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     645                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     11222                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    2593     26.11%     26.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    644      6.48%     32.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     32.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6694     67.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                9932                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     2593     44.48%     44.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     644     11.05%     55.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     55.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    2592     44.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 5830                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            620449815000     98.69%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1269867500      0.20%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1841500      0.00%     98.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             6982740500      1.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        628704264500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.387212                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.586992                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8642     81.71%     81.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1288     12.18%     93.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     645      6.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 10577                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                646                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.001548                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.003091                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          13973000      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0      0.00%      0.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        522277890000    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    24770932                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                   3036094                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                26933357                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   11324140                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                    37044                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               10906378                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    36095072                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                   3073138                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                37839735                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  162024726                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      321                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              162025047                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1257382936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  163571420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    163571420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            139731820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               8401087                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    3808508                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     17977956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   139731820                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      8401087                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          178643298                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         104490073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            10800612                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            8400542                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     39631544                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   28269573                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  11361971                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3582210.908834                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1253800725.091166                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997151                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002849                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         23791721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             12922165      7.75%      7.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 72351054     43.42%     51.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   20365      0.01%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                6400153      3.84%     55.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      2      0.00%     55.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                2000004      1.20%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     2      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     15      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                30757537     18.46%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               11362281      6.82%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess              30830992     18.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 166644570                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   3097048                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8462     38.17%     38.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.00%     38.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    644      2.90%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  13063     58.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               22171                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8462     48.16%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.01%     48.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     644      3.67%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.01%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8461     48.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                17569                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            616992089000     98.14%     98.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 992000      0.00%     98.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1310253000      0.21%     98.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1767000      0.00%     98.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            10387773000      1.65%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        628692874000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.647707                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.792432                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         5     45.45%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   43      0.19%      0.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                20836     90.86%     91.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1293      5.64%     96.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     689      3.00%     99.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      0.09%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.02%     99.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 41      0.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 22931                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              733                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                679                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                680                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  679                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.927694                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.962465                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       15504095000      2.47%      2.47% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        611919145000     97.53%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      43                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      241394                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       327                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                     134019                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      375413                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       365                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2701                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     156794                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 156919                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1257402046                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1116365                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1116365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1068806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   430                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      43057                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        85923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1068806                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          430                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            1456216                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            840006                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                223                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       377182                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     242289                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    134893                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1236461115.716463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              20940930.283538                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.016654                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.983346                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           150265                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 8893      0.80%      0.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   669874     59.98%     60.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3827      0.34%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     28      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  247420     22.16%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 134910     12.08%     95.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                 51796      4.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1116751                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     646                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     11975                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2697     26.71%     26.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    644      6.38%     33.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.03%     33.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   6754     66.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               10098                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2697     44.65%     44.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     644     10.66%     55.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.05%     55.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2696     44.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 6040                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            620362160500     98.67%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1268910500      0.20%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5044000      0.00%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             7065013500      1.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        628701128500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.399171                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   60      0.55%      0.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.05%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8739     80.78%     81.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1289     11.92%     93.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     713      6.59%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.08%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 10818                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              773                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.086675                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.159524                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      627596674000     99.99%     99.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            41729500      0.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      60                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   9                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          9                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  388                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 388                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2741                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2741                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          498                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5739                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    21297                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               24000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              649500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy               44000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              731500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               39697184                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 10.620757                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                 9.896338                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 4.825815                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1731978      4.36%      4.36% |    35237930     88.77%     93.13% |     1448926      3.65%     96.78% |      145973      0.37%     97.15% |     1132374      2.85%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 39697184                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples    208476106                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   208476106    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total     208476106                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples           208476106                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               5.356608                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.152200                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             28.157653                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |   203491378     97.61%     97.61% |     4898780      2.35%     99.96% |        6375      0.00%     99.96% |       15730      0.01%     99.97% |       40675      0.02%     99.99% |       23053      0.01%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total             208476106                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples       202373201                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202373201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total         202373201                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        6102905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        149.822363                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       126.415864                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        74.727852                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1118177     18.32%     18.32% |     4898780     80.27%     98.59% |        6375      0.10%     98.70% |       15730      0.26%     98.95% |       40675      0.67%     99.62% |       23053      0.38%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          6102905                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       563063                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       641427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1695275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        98666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1793941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits       288726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       339338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits       936602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        71030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1007632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     30974198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5582813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     36557011                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    166547264                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        97306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    166644570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       322561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       375436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1045512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        71239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1116751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1022431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5080474                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      6102905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads    102943776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes    102943776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity    226547748                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity    223508089                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity    110464684                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity    110367981                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity    223508089                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads     16369605                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes     16369605                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity     61981455                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity     61872483                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity     30111162                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity     30110831                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity     61872483                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads     74072224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes     74072224                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity    118587699                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity    117875265                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity     58641375                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity     58624785                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity    117875265                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads     11930333                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes     11930333                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity     42474315                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity     42371152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity     20624794                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity     20624488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity     42371152                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    21199090     20.59%     20.59% |    75575684     73.41%     94.00% |     6177526      6.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total    102952300                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    21199090     20.59%     20.59% |    75575684     73.41%     94.00% |     6177526      6.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total    102952300                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   249200792                       |   770627291                       |    49898372                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    42402800                       |    91164206                       |     6177634                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   11.755259                       |   10.196762                       |    8.077404                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.000218                       |    1.206264                       |    1.000017                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.390506                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.357373                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         11.747878                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.532006                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.025178      4.73%      4.73% |    0.025183      4.73%      9.47% |    0.025150      4.73%     14.19% |    0.025161      4.73%     18.92% |    0.094582     17.78%     36.70% |    0.104242     19.59%     56.30% |    0.094581     17.78%     74.07% |    0.104245     19.59%     93.67% |    0.008421      1.58%     95.25% |    0.008421      1.58%     96.83% |    0.008421      1.58%     98.42% |    0.008421      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.532006                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      17287461                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         9.938487                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        9.088108                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        6.040444                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      232311      1.34%      1.34% |    15878517     91.85%     93.19% |          85      0.00%     93.19% |       44294      0.26%     93.45% |     1132251      6.55%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        17287461                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      21873143                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.199495                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       10.622715                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.532885                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1368091      6.25%      6.25% |    10615499     48.53%     54.79% |     8340511     38.13%     92.92% |     1360275      6.22%     99.14% |       86966      0.40%     99.53% |       86095      0.39%     99.93% |       15583      0.07%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        21873143                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        536580                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         9.010332                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.582794                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.713458                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      131576     24.52%     24.52% |      309894     57.75%     82.27% |       93509     17.43%     99.70% |        1594      0.30%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          536580                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         24896561                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           33.770127                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           2.901739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          71.072546                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    20422102     82.03%     82.03% |     4398749     17.67%     99.70% |        4609      0.02%     99.71% |       13819      0.06%     99.77% |       36573      0.15%     99.92% |       20626      0.08%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           24896561                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     19406677                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19406677    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       19406677                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      5489884                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     149.612152                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    125.357561                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     75.445916                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1015425     18.50%     18.50% |     4398749     80.12%     98.62% |        4609      0.08%     98.70% |       13819      0.25%     98.96% |       36573      0.67%     99.62% |       20626      0.38%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       5489884                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         10645357                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.138440                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.038838                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          14.225233                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    10583454     99.42%     99.42% |       60756      0.57%     99.99% |         145      0.00%     99.99% |         182      0.00%     99.99% |         504      0.00%    100.00% |         309      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           10645357                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     10562059                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10562059    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       10562059                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        83298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     146.490912                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    130.251448                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     69.706755                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       21395     25.68%     25.68% |       60756     72.94%     98.62% |         145      0.17%     98.80% |         182      0.22%     99.02% |         504      0.61%     99.62% |         309      0.37%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         83298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    170562894                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.284031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.009628                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       7.093758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   170302572     99.85%     99.85% |      255334      0.15%    100.00% |        1063      0.00%    100.00% |         530      0.00%    100.00% |        2081      0.00%    100.00% |        1293      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      170562894                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    170224653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   170224653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    170224653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       338241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   144.226909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   125.431207                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.014558                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |       77919     23.04%     23.04% |      255334     75.49%     98.53% |        1063      0.31%     98.84% |         530      0.16%     99.00% |        2081      0.62%     99.61% |        1293      0.38%     99.99% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       338241                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples      1185744                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean    27.835994                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     2.271763                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    65.795424                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |      997700     84.14%     84.14% |      183941     15.51%     99.65% |         558      0.05%     99.70% |        1199      0.10%     99.80% |        1517      0.13%     99.93% |         825      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total      1185744                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples       994270                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      994270    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total       994270                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples       191474                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean   167.187676                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean   161.010686                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.414931                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |        3430      1.79%      1.79% |      183941     96.07%     97.86% |         558      0.29%     98.15% |        1199      0.63%     98.77% |        1517      0.79%     99.57% |         825      0.43%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total       191474                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples      1185550                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.000283                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.000025                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     0.109638                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |     1185542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total      1185550                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples      1185542                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1185542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total      1185542                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean    42.875000                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    42.580129                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev     5.642631                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           4     50.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1216595     25.11%     25.11% |     1207266     24.92%     50.03% |     1204961     24.87%     74.89% |     1216406     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      4845228                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      305145     25.26%     25.26% |      300874     24.90%     50.16% |      298321     24.69%     74.85% |      303890     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1208230                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1216597     25.11%     25.11% |     1207266     24.92%     50.03% |     1204961     24.87%     74.89% |     1216406     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      4845230                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      305433     25.26%     25.26% |      301162     24.90%     50.16% |      298609     24.69%     74.85% |      304178     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1209382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         288     25.00%     25.00% |         288     25.00%     50.00% |         288     25.00%     75.00% |         288     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      911449     25.06%     25.06% |      906391     24.92%     49.98% |      906636     24.93%     74.91% |      912516     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3636992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1216595     25.11%     25.11% |     1207266     24.92%     50.03% |     1204961     24.87%     74.89% |     1216406     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      4845228                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         288     25.00%     25.00% |         288     25.00%     50.00% |         288     25.00%     75.00% |         288     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         288     25.00%     25.00% |         288     25.00%     50.00% |         288     25.00%     75.00% |         288     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      305144     25.26%     25.26% |      300874     24.90%     50.16% |      298321     24.69%     74.85% |      303890     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1208229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      911449     25.06%     25.06% |      906391     24.92%     49.98% |      906636     24.93%     74.91% |      912516     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3636992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1216595     25.11%     25.11% |     1207266     24.92%     50.03% |     1204961     24.87%     74.89% |     1216406     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      4845228                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      305144     25.26%     25.26% |      300874     24.90%     50.16% |      298321     24.69%     74.85% |      303890     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1208229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            3                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1152    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1152                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              3                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1152    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1152                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            3                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1152    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1152                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1152    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      381799      1.53%      1.53% |      217629      0.87%      2.41% |    24057716     96.63%     99.04% |      239419      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     24896563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1793941      1.05%      1.05% |     1007632      0.59%      1.64% |   166644570     97.70%     99.35% |     1116751      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    170562894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      259628      1.99%      1.99% |      121709      0.94%      2.93% |    12499316     96.03%     98.96% |      136017      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     13016670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |      160994     30.25%     30.25% |      122155     22.95%     53.20% |      127096     23.88%     77.08% |      121973     22.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       532218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       24436      0.43%      0.43% |        7394      0.13%      0.57% |     5590620     99.24%     99.80% |       11154      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5633604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         122     30.27%     30.27% |          83     20.60%     50.87% |         162     40.20%     91.07% |          36      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1019     25.74%     25.74% |         574     14.50%     40.24% |        1687     42.61%     82.85% |         679     17.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          15     12.10%     12.10% |           6      4.84%     16.94% |           4      3.23%     20.16% |          99     79.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       33228      0.62%      0.62% |       15074      0.28%      0.90% |     5298102     98.80%     99.71% |       15803      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5362207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1720     43.45%     43.45% |         944     23.84%     67.29% |         208      5.25%     72.54% |        1087     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      141147     19.19%     19.19% |      105512     14.35%     33.54% |      381725     51.91%     85.46% |      106955     14.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       735339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2327     79.02%     79.02% |         222      7.54%     86.55% |         122      4.14%     90.70% |         274      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         935     66.79%     66.79% |         112      8.00%     74.79% |          84      6.00%     80.79% |         269     19.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       11931      0.22%      0.22% |          61      0.00%      0.22% |     5529653     99.75%     99.96% |        1965      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      5543610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7359      0.14%      0.14% |        2772      0.05%      0.19% |     5337566     99.73%     99.92% |        4437      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5352134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        9630     28.49%     28.49% |        4524     13.38%     41.87% |       14100     41.71%     83.58% |        5551     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        33805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        7471      3.02%      3.02% |         109      0.04%      3.06% |      238960     96.46%     99.52% |        1186      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       247726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        4659     11.22%     11.22% |        3064      7.38%     18.60% |       30176     72.67%     91.27% |        3626      8.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        41525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       53598     38.91%     38.91% |       39713     28.83%     67.74% |        5082      3.69%     71.43% |       39357     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       137750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       89036     29.25%     29.25% |       66506     21.85%     51.09% |       83206     27.33%     78.42% |       65688     21.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       304436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        9015     34.97%     34.97% |        7912     30.70%     65.67% |        1125      4.36%     70.03% |        7724     29.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        25776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4804     23.77%     23.77% |        4165     20.60%     44.37% |        6503     32.17%     76.54% |        4742     23.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        20214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       53413     21.70%     21.70% |       35317     14.35%     36.06% |      111690     45.38%     81.44% |       45675     18.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       246095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1695275      1.00%      1.00% |      936602      0.55%      1.55% |   166547264     97.84%     99.39% |     1045512      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    170224653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         921     72.07%     72.07% |         106      8.29%     80.36% |          80      6.26%     86.62% |         171     13.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |      119162     29.71%     29.71% |       96356     24.03%     53.74% |       89603     22.34%     76.08% |       95908     23.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       401029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        7701     11.04%     11.04% |        3168      4.54%     15.58% |       54464     78.05%     93.63% |        4447      6.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        69780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       57372      0.63%      0.63% |       15860      0.17%      0.80% |     9043607     98.98%     99.78% |       19937      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      9136776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       12037      1.26%      1.26% |        8204      0.86%      2.11% |      930072     97.02%     99.13% |        8327      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       958640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       16543     47.73%     47.73% |        6716     19.38%     67.10% |        4862     14.03%     81.13% |        6540     18.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        34661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        4161      0.10%      0.10% |          53      0.00%      0.10% |     4362008     99.88%     99.98% |         840      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      4367062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         404     17.77%     17.77% |         295     12.97%     30.74% |        1336     58.75%     89.49% |         239     10.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         2274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      210057      2.10%      2.10% |      123967      1.24%      3.33% |     9559769     95.37%     98.70% |      130013      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     10023806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      230184      1.95%      1.95% |      105378      0.89%      2.85% |    11329060     96.15%     98.99% |      118609      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     11783231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       20615     37.67%     37.67% |       16019     29.27%     66.95% |        2203      4.03%     70.97% |       15884     29.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        54721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        7770      0.66%      0.66% |           8      0.00%      0.66% |     1167645     99.24%     99.90% |        1125      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1176548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         122     30.81%     30.81% |          83     20.96%     51.77% |         158     39.90%     91.67% |          33      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         615     36.50%     36.50% |         279     16.56%     53.06% |         351     20.83%     73.89% |         440     26.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       33228      0.62%      0.62% |       15074      0.28%      0.90% |     5298102     98.80%     99.71% |       15803      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5362207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1720     43.45%     43.45% |         944     23.84%     67.29% |         208      5.25%     72.54% |        1087     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124675     26.99%     26.99% |       97497     21.11%     48.09% |      141642     30.66%     78.76% |       98136     21.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       461950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          15     12.10%     12.10% |           6      4.84%     16.94% |           4      3.23%     20.16% |          99     79.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       16472      6.03%      6.03% |        8015      2.93%      8.96% |      240081     87.82%     96.78% |        8812      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       273380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2327     79.07%     79.07% |         222      7.54%     86.61% |         121      4.11%     90.72% |         273      9.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         935     66.79%     66.79% |         112      8.00%     74.79% |          84      6.00%     80.79% |         269     19.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |          14      5.17%      5.17% |           0      0.00%      5.17% |         250     92.25%     97.42% |           7      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       11917      0.21%      0.21% |          61      0.00%      0.22% |     5529403     99.75%     99.96% |        1958      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      5543339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |          14      5.17%      5.17% |           0      0.00%      5.17% |         250     92.25%     97.42% |           7      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       338247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5492263      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         273617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         1289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        5543339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old          528      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1154343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3690878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       4845228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        4845222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          56500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         2451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack             277425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all         196732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           3959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      5636987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR       133713      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4444429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       267086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old          257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        40624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        31876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         1276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean       160718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       942639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX         5885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1152020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3441477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         3959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          403      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      5543339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        88683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      4845222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old          231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        53886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        34620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack         275069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all       160718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           2356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        24861      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      4419568      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR       163903      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        42120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data       158574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       267086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         1406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      5635581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS         1799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         1676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         2261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS          223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         3937      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
