
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365562500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254805461500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              271677500                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                271668325                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1013497352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 738812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97986092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97986092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396569670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3020178492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623608822                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543615661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543615661                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543615661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623608822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396569670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4563794153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344833000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365663000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261899500     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18792                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.021179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.367751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.632249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115565                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124825                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074184                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12040                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.849368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.027014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.847598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723565                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18282                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.788913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.271961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1833.090928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.857941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.059034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.275471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1250.505540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4123                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8817                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8412                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134750                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44048                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127013                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21032                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261763                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65080                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702119                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491694                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264183                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136634                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127549                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731125                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97268                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426405     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140779     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127892     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730769                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51992                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1106                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69086     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1188      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.185436                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4185436490000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6440613030000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2409706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2409706                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1193467282                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 753148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3506.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  8450731523                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8450731523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     15381184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   2022778496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::tsunami.ide         4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         2038163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     15381184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      15381184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks   1492271168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total      1492271168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       240331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     31605914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::tsunami.ide            63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            31846308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      23316737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           23316737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3674929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    483289736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::tsunami.ide             963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             486965629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3674929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          3674929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       356538959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            356538959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       356538959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3674929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    483289736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::tsunami.ide            963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            843504587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     1246                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                    7578489                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                   115303     40.03%     40.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     766      0.27%     40.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    4286      1.49%     41.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  167681     58.22%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               288036                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                    115289     48.93%     48.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      766      0.33%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     4286      1.82%     51.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                   115289     48.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                235630                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             4170583450000     99.65%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                56137500      0.00%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               210014000      0.01%     99.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             14587107000      0.35%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         4185436708500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999879                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.687550                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.818057                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.03%      0.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                       2477     78.91%     78.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         15      0.48%     79.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         60      1.91%     81.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.03%     81.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                       361     11.50%     92.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.03%     92.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         2      0.06%     92.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         1      0.03%     92.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         3      0.10%     93.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         2      0.06%     93.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                       119      3.79%     96.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         3      0.10%     97.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         5      0.16%     97.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         2      0.06%     97.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.03%     97.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         3      0.10%     97.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::60                         3      0.10%     97.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        55      1.75%     99.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        12      0.38%     99.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         5      0.16%     99.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.03%     99.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        1      0.03%     99.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::136                        2      0.06%     99.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      0.03%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      0.03%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      0.03%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                   3139                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   830      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       24      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                241659      4.95%      4.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                   10481      0.21%      5.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      3      0.00%      5.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      2      0.00%      5.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                    41325      0.85%      6.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 3209      0.07%      6.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                       63      0.00%      6.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique             4589100     93.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                4886697                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             41922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user               40473                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 233                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel               40586                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                 40473                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   113                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.968131                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.484979                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.982379                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        74050419000      1.77%      1.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         4103815966500     98.05%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle           7570323000      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      830                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          95147139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          3104497002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          95147139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             32.628380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        6494706843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       6494706843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1961614342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1961614342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1107747862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     1107747862                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17584158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total     17584158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17686347                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total     17686347                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   3069362204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       3069362204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   3069362204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      3069362204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     52324790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      52324790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     42718931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     42718931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       103422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       103422                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     95043721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       95043721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     95043721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      95043721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   2013939132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2013939132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1150466793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   1150466793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17687580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total     17687580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17686347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total     17686347                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   3164405925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   3164405925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   3164405925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   3164405925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005847                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005847                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     81398767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          81398767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1729999                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.998153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          8162743109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1729999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4718.351345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       16711104642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      16711104642                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8352957234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      8352957234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8352957234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       8352957234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   8352957234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      8352957234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1730058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1730058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1730058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1730058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1730058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1730058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   8354687292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   8354687292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   8354687292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   8354687292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   8354687292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   8354687292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1729999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1729999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                2900                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 24006656                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       2961                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7173                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7173                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              387508                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             387508                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        11604                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         3128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         3998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        18000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        37270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       752092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       752092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  789362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        46416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         4301                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        10125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        65001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     24017776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     24017776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 24082777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               376046                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               376046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              3384414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             3384414                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       375104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       375104                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              942                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       375104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       375104                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          375120                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               375120                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  32020939                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3966.842349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   119006692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  32020939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.716527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1559.091230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.139136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.053282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   111.759095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2295.799606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.380638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.560498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993408                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                1624773522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               1624773522                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     81398767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         81398767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1729934                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1729934                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     23238216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              23238216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1489703                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1489703                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     40302713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          40302713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       1489703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      63540929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 65030632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1489703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     63540929                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                65030632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19480711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            19480711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       240341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           240341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12125499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        12125499                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       240341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     31606210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               31846551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       240341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     31606210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              31846551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     81398767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     81398767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1729934                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1729934                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     42718927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          42718927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1730044                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1730044                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52428212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      52428212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1730044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     95147139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             96877183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1730044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     95147139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            96877183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.456021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.456021                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.138922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.231278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.328731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.138922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.328731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             22941617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  22941617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           12373013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     23316737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8905057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          19480506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         19480506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      12366782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        375104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       375104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1127259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1127259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        37270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     95539737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     95577007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               96704266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24067968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     24067968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        65001                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   3506429632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total   3506494633                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              3530562601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          64463952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                64463952    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            64463952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           2026558425                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            2259480                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    17                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       2011312695                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits          1168200124                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            423149                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   57                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses      1125667884                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           3194758549                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            2682629                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    74                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       3136980579                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          8211769063                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              4037                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      8211773100                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               8370874226                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          8352004589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            8352004589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses    7881925720                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      337757736                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls           136262042                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts   1095786028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts           7881925720                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             337757736                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads  11107914396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   5475547714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    418328929                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    216526479                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs            3202522547                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts          2033892440                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts         1168630107                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       16182804.480798                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       8354691421.519202                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.998067                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.001933                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                1288324377                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     197198306      2.36%      2.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        4582017489     54.84%     57.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult         57780905      0.69%     57.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     57.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       190516011      2.28%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        47040492      0.56%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt             184      0.00%     60.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       24039997      0.29%     61.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         1516415      0.02%     61.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt        1183215      0.01%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead       2051723741     24.56%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite      1168678919     13.99%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess       32991618      0.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         8354687292                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    193754339                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     96877195                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          149                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         187074                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       187074                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               6231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          54164501                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     81398767                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1729934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13748294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         42718927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        42718927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1730058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     52428212                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5190050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    285478617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             290668667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    221439488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  11299002985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            11520442473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        32773591                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        226546005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              226358580     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 187425      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          226546005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 12.152256                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                12152255819500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               18592868849500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3170631                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3170631                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1178479895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 756220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10311.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 32694933702                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   32694933702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     27305088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   9342921024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         9370226112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     27305088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      27305088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks   2172119168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total      2172119168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       426642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data    145983141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total           146409783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      33939362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           33939362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2246915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    768821951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             771068866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2246915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2246915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       178742054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            178742054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       178742054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2246915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    768821951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            949810920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                   60829256                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                   146773     33.27%     33.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     118      0.03%     33.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                   12444      2.82%     36.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  281872     63.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               441207                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                    146773     47.95%     47.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      118      0.04%     47.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                    12444      4.07%     52.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                   146773     47.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                306108                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             12137116895000     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 8836000      0.00%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               609756000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             14520253500      0.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         12152255740500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.520708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.693797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         82      0.11%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      0.00%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         4      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5      0.01%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                    23920     33.29%     33.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                    47840     66.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                  71855                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    96      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                332494     62.71%     62.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                   24912      4.70%     67.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                    96151     18.14%     85.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                71968     13.57%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        1      0.00%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                4567      0.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 530190                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel             96239                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user               96016                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   8                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel               96020                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                 96016                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     4                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.997724                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.998840                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        35086852000      0.29%      0.29% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         12117154456000     99.71%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             14432500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       96                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements         203467965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          9028784269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         203467965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             44.374476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       18667761165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses      18667761165                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   6150697519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      6150697519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   2877642964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     2877642964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       146157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       146157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191995                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       191995                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   9028340483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       9028340483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   9028340483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      9028340483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    186811348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     186811348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16610639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16610639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        45978                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        45978                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    203421987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      203421987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    203421987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     203421987                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   6337508867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   6337508867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   2894253603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total   2894253603                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       192135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       192135                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       191995                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       191995                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   9231762470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   9231762470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   9231762470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   9231762470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005739                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.239300                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.239300                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     53792629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          53792629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          60569254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs         24404554585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          60569254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            402.919848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       48669544162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      48669544162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst  24243918200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     24243918200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst  24243918200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total      24243918200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst  24243918200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total     24243918200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      60569254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       60569254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      60569254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst  24304487454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total  24304487454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst  24304487454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total  24304487454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst  24304487454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total  24304487454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     60569254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          60569254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               13236                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              13236                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        25140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        27416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   27936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       100560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       102564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        16416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   118980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  260                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 2340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                2340                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                4                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  240                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                 146727263                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4057.514786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   364667729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                 146727263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.485344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      666.625819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   142.240874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3248.648094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.162750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.793127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2099                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987549                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                4387933174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               4387933174                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     53792629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         53792629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     60569241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         60569241                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5433068                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               5433068                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     60142612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           60142612                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     52051755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          52051755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      60142612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      57484823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                117627435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     60142612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     57484823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               117627435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11177571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            11177571                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       426642                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           426642                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    134805571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       134805571                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       426642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    145983142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total              146409784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       426642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    145983142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total             146409784                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     53792629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     53792629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     60569241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     60569241                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16610639                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          16610639                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       60569254                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    186857326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     186857326                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203467965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            264037219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     60569254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203467965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           264037219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.672916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007044                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.007044                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.721436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.721436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.554504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.007044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.554504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             33939122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  33939122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          135232945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33939362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        112470870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          11177570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         11177570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     135232217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    439229544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    439256960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              439257736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        15616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       102564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port  11542329920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total  11542432484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total             11542448100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples         292833988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1               292833988    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total           292833988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           6303011137                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           53060639                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       6344082458                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits          2894541997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           7224636                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses      2881773089                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           9197553134                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           60285275                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       9225855547                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits         24240814045                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1229                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses     24240815274                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles              24304511655                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts         24244202179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps           24244202179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses   14414172902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses    17140087784                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls           118716166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    632342178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts          14414172902                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts           17140087784                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads  34078542301                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes   5600946666                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads  21294917734                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes  14500583788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs            9292541734                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts          6390762369                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts         2901779365                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       22968.072016                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       24304488686.927982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 788869804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass     350615684      1.44%      1.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu        4551552532     18.73%     20.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          2019196      0.01%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     20.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd      4723754627     19.44%     39.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp       214961983      0.88%     40.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        50958999      0.21%     40.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult     4467508759     18.38%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv        26389909      0.11%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt       18170864      0.07%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead       6391050734     26.30%     85.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite      2901815910     11.94%     97.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess      605688257      2.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total        24304487454                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    528074438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    264037219                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           26                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         383046                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       383046                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         247427308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     53792629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     60569241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       149675323                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         16610639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        16610639                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      60569254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    186857326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    181707749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    610431298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             792139047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   7752863680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  16464780580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            24217644260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                       146727787                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        674815929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000568                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.023820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              674432831     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 383098      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          674815929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.549255                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                549254867000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               19142123716500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77518318                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 77518315                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1259947105                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 757244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   435.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 33792935136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   33792935136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1403456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    244094656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          245498112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1403456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1403456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    120337472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       120337472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        21929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      3813979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3835908                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1880273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1880273                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2555200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    444410547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             446965747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2555200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2555200                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       219092227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            219092227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       219092227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2555200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    444410547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            666057974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     726638                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                   104887     48.00%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                    2425      1.11%     49.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     562      0.26%     49.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  110660     50.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               218534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                    104885     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                     2425      1.14%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      562      0.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                   104885     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                212757                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             537434126500     97.85%     97.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               181868000      0.03%     97.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                27538000      0.01%     97.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             11611222500      2.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         549254755000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999981                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.947813                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.973565                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.06%      0.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      0.11%      0.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         99      5.65%      5.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         20      1.14%      6.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      0.06%      7.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.06%      7.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      0.06%      7.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        37      2.11%      9.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.06%      9.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.06%      9.36% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.06%      9.41% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5      0.29%      9.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        21      1.20%     10.90% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      0.06%     10.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::121                     1561     89.05%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                   1753                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   191      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.00%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                210626     92.73%     92.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    8296      3.65%     96.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     96.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     96.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     4921      2.17%     98.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 1769      0.78%     99.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.00%     99.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                1321      0.58%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 227141                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5108                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                2462                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2464                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  2462                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     2                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.482381                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.650647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        29621301500      5.39%      5.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         519625761000     94.61%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle              7692500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      191                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4706543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           365544567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4707055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             77.658869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         745119491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        745119491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    218180570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       218180570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    144681469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      144681469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1312363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1312363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1325528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1325528                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    362862039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        362862039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    362862039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       362862039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4315159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4315159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       373609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       373609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17776                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4688768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4688768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4688768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4688768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    222495729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222495729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    145055078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    145055078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1330139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1330139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1325528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1325528                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367550807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    367550807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367550807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    367550807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013364                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2413827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2413827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            535403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.999927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1127793257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            535915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2104.425622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2197529278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2197529278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1097961524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1097961524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1097961524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1097961524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1097961524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1097961524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       535410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        535410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       535410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         535410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       535410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        535410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1098496934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1098496934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1098496934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1098496934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1098496934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1098496934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       535403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            535403                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    36864                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          5                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                14561                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp               14561                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11035                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11035                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        19384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        24570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        50036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   51192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        23928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        26653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        12285                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           54                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        62936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        36880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        36880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    99816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  578                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 5202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                5202                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          576                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          576                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                2                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          576                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          576                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             576                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  576                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3847403                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3980.847417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6269013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3851439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.627707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1570.035492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   347.559935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2063.251991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.383309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.084853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.503724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.971887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985352                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  88091818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 88091818                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2413827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2413827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       535382                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           535382                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                107599                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       513480                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             513480                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       784965                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            784965                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        513480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        892564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1406044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       513480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       892564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1406044                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       266009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              266009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21929                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            21929                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3547970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3547970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3813979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3835908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        21929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3813979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3835908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2413827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2413827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       535382                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       535382                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       373608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            373608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       535409                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         535409                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4332935                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4332935                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       535409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4706543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              5241952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       535409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4706543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             5241952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.712000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.040957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.040957                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.818838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.818838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.040957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.810357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.731771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.040957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.810357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.731771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1879697                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1879697                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3584460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              10459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             10459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1880273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1955508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            266009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           266009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3569901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        50036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11507023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     11557059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               11558791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        36992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        36992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        62936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    365798720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    365861656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               365898648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7697288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 7697288    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7697288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            223766154                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             490490                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        215346230                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           146394857                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4977                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       139785322                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            370161011                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             495467                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        355131552                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1041518374                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1010                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1041519384                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1098509742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1098001434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1098001434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     988676506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses        6260407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            70266207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts    113167453                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            988676506                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts               6260407                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1316740540                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    688890087                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads      3129047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes      3128074                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             370731919                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           224330929                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts          146400990                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       11796.148086                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1098497945.851914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999989                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000011                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 195163990                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      95826502      8.72%      8.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         624348001     56.84%     65.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult           161593      0.01%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            4974      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              77      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt             166      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             249      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        225862334     20.56%     86.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite       146405852     13.33%     99.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess        5887185      0.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1098496934                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     10483900                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      5241953                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           48                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          13766                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        13766                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              14559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4882904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             10459                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            10459                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2413827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       535382                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2292690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           373608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          373608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        535410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4332935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1606202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14169641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              15775843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     68530688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    455766616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              524297304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3848561                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         14357477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               14343609     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  13868      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           14357477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
